Bob Killian reviewed a business on Yelp. July 28 at 4:54pm  Yelp  All you guys should lay off. The man is perfectly free to pursue these manly pursuits after his unfortunate castration. A little sympathy for him, please. It's difficult to go around with no, um, private parts, and he really looks great in those lionskin scrubs. River Bluff Dental - Bloomington, MN General Dentistry in Bloomington, MN Yelp 2 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Bob Killian Yelp took down my comment, and zillions of others. Policy. Like  Reply  July 30 at 9:36pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian shared a link.   The Confederate myths too many Americans believe James W. Loewen: So many Americans believe myths about the Civil War and the Confederacy because textbooks and monuments are wrong. newsobserver.com 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian shared a link.   This map of the worlds scientific research is disturbingly unequal If the world were mapped according to how many scientific research papers each country produced, it would take on a rather bizarre, uneven appearance. qz.com Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian shared a link.   Smith & Wollensky: restaurant review Smith & Wollensky is the latest big-name steakhouse to cross the pond. Pity it didnt sink on the way, says Jay Rayner theguardian.com|By Jay Rayner Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian uploaded a new video.   Ice cream vendor 0:00/0:12 Watch Later 49 Views3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian uploaded a new video.   Ballet camp + SplashPad + a soulful rendition of Let It Go. 0:00/0:17 Watch Later 76 Views4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian shared a link.   This map of the worlds scientific research is disturbingly unequal If the world were mapped according to how many scientific research papers each country produced, it would take on a rather bizarre, uneven appearance. qz.com Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian shared a link.   Smith & Wollensky: restaurant review Smith & Wollensky is the latest big-name steakhouse to cross the pond. Pity it didnt sink on the way, says Jay Rayner theguardian.com|By Jay Rayner Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian uploaded a new video.   Ice cream vendor 0:00/0:12 Watch Later 49 Views3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bob Killian uploaded a new video.   Ballet camp + SplashPad + a soulful rendition of Let It Go. 0:00/0:17 Watch Later 76 Views4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
