William Pitcher April 23  Mississauga, Canada  I found this article by former President Jimmy Carter to be truly profound... Losing my religion for equality Women and girls have been discriminated against for too long in a twisted interpretation of the word of God. theage.com.au 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Leon De Silva likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher shared Inna Mag's video.   I don't know why these make me laugh so much, but they do. 0:00/1:46 Watch More Click Here Watch Again Watch Later 10,371,027 Views Inna Mag uploaded a new video. Truly Amazing Stunts,Just wait until you see the Giraffe lol LIKE US  Inna Mag 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher April 14  Mississauga, Canada  Please excuse me for responding with sensible, reasoned arguments to some of the crazy things my friends post. (I know, I know -- a few of you only receive snark - you are special.) 5 Likes Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher shared Ha Ha Videos's video.   Edited  Okay, this is definitely a fair bit further south than here, but this is what I like to imagine my brother Bob Pitcher 's days are like. 0:00/3:12 Watch More Watch Again Watch Later 16,219,122 Views Ha Ha Videos uploaded a new video. No Word To Describe How FUNNY This Is Credit: Steve Jessup LIKE: Ha Ha Videos 4 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Remove William Pitcher As for whether I meant, on the Skyjack or pursuing it, I leave that up to you decide. April 13 at 1:55am  Like Remove Stella Pitcher Like you said too funny. April 13 at 2:12am  Like  1 Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher   My Mom will tell you that I have always been good at procrastination. She still has the 'get your homework done' scars to prove it. If one could make money at putting things off, I would be a millionaire. What Mom may not know is that I am good at procrastinating even with things I enjoy. What's up with that? 10 Likes2 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. 1 share Remove William Pitcher And yes, you guess right about why I just posted this. April 10 at 3:46am  Like Remove Meetu Singhal I totally avoided your post but dang! smile emoticon April 10 at 3:52am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher April 1  Mississauga, Canada  Months ago, I was at a political event. There was a little boy there and not surprisingly, he was pretty bored. I had my iPad with me and I have children's games on it because of my nephew and other kids. The little boy played a Mickey Mouse game for about a half hour until it was time to leave. Last night, at a memorial service (friend's dad) a shy little boy came up to me. With eyes like saucers, he wanted to tell me thank you for letting him play Mickey Mouse on my iPad. Pretty impressive and heart warming. 16 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Karen Wen Lin I can guess who this little boy is .. kids say the darnest thing April 2 at 1:00am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher shared Korea Clickers's video.   One of the big challenges of expanding the use of bicycles in Canada for non-recreational travel is winter weather. Here is a covered bike path in Korea. If you look at the cost of building a covered bike path per user, I wonder how it would compare over time to the cost of a road per user? -- especially in a city core rather than long-distance like this. 0:00/3:04 Watch Later 5,132,082 Views Korea Clickers uploaded a new video from March 24 to their timeline. Aerial view of the bicycle road between Daejeon and Sejong, both cities are located 2~3 hours south of Seoul. Solar panels not only generate power but also pro...vide protection to cyclists from sun and rain. Taken by a drone camera in fall, see the golden rice fields! *Video courtesy of Sejong See More 7 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Remove David R Hennig I like the idea, buttttttttt... I'd hate to be the cause of an accident. The cost of repair would be very high because of the solar panels. And perhaps the death of a poor soul on a bicycle. Wrong place, wrong time. March 31 at 2:08am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher   Almost 5 hours of canvassing. Go team! Joe Horneck on Twitter Great day out canvassing with a couple teams. Meeting more residents & hearing their issues #misspoli twitter.com|By Joe Horneck 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Amyn Junior Mawani likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher   Don't forget - #EarthHour starts now - 8:30 pm EDT. Show your support for the planet and unplug. 1 Like1 Comment Like  Comment  Share Bassam Jaafar likes this. Remove Karen Wen Lin I remember Earth Hour last year was a lot warmer March 30 at 12:51am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher shared Ha Ha Videos's video.   Edited  Okay, this is definitely a fair bit further south than here, but this is what I like to imagine my brother Bob Pitcher 's days are like. 0:00/3:12 Watch More Watch Again Watch Later 16,219,122 Views Ha Ha Videos uploaded a new video. No Word To Describe How FUNNY This Is Credit: Steve Jessup LIKE: Ha Ha Videos 4 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Remove William Pitcher As for whether I meant, on the Skyjack or pursuing it, I leave that up to you decide. April 13 at 1:55am  Like Remove Stella Pitcher Like you said too funny. April 13 at 2:12am  Like  1 Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher   My Mom will tell you that I have always been good at procrastination. She still has the 'get your homework done' scars to prove it. If one could make money at putting things off, I would be a millionaire. What Mom may not know is that I am good at procrastinating even with things I enjoy. What's up with that? 10 Likes2 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. 1 share Remove William Pitcher And yes, you guess right about why I just posted this. April 10 at 3:46am  Like Remove Meetu Singhal I totally avoided your post but dang! smile emoticon April 10 at 3:52am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher April 1  Mississauga, Canada  Months ago, I was at a political event. There was a little boy there and not surprisingly, he was pretty bored. I had my iPad with me and I have children's games on it because of my nephew and other kids. The little boy played a Mickey Mouse game for about a half hour until it was time to leave. Last night, at a memorial service (friend's dad) a shy little boy came up to me. With eyes like saucers, he wanted to tell me thank you for letting him play Mickey Mouse on my iPad. Pretty impressive and heart warming. 16 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Karen Wen Lin I can guess who this little boy is .. kids say the darnest thing April 2 at 1:00am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher shared Korea Clickers's video.   One of the big challenges of expanding the use of bicycles in Canada for non-recreational travel is winter weather. Here is a covered bike path in Korea. If you look at the cost of building a covered bike path per user, I wonder how it would compare over time to the cost of a road per user? -- especially in a city core rather than long-distance like this. 0:00/3:04 Watch Later 5,132,082 Views Korea Clickers uploaded a new video from March 24 to their timeline. Aerial view of the bicycle road between Daejeon and Sejong, both cities are located 2~3 hours south of Seoul. Solar panels not only generate power but also pro...vide protection to cyclists from sun and rain. Taken by a drone camera in fall, see the golden rice fields! *Video courtesy of Sejong See More 7 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Remove David R Hennig I like the idea, buttttttttt... I'd hate to be the cause of an accident. The cost of repair would be very high because of the solar panels. And perhaps the death of a poor soul on a bicycle. Wrong place, wrong time. March 31 at 2:08am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher   Almost 5 hours of canvassing. Go team! Joe Horneck on Twitter Great day out canvassing with a couple teams. Meeting more residents & hearing their issues #misspoli twitter.com|By Joe Horneck 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Amyn Junior Mawani likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.William Pitcher   Don't forget - #EarthHour starts now - 8:30 pm EDT. Show your support for the planet and unplug. 1 Like1 Comment Like  Comment  Share Bassam Jaafar likes this. Remove Karen Wen Lin I remember Earth Hour last year was a lot warmer March 30 at 12:51am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
