David C. Drake via Windows   #Windows10 is almost here! Windows 10: Preparing to Upgrade One Billion Devices With around four weeks to go before Windows 10 becomes available, I thought it would be helpful to provide some context on how we will roll-out Windows 10 to the world. We've been really pleased with the strong response to Windows 10 since... blogs.windows.com 2 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove John Tomblin One billion devices... I'm definitely going to wait a month or so for them to get the kinks out. Like  Reply  1  July 29 at 11:47am Remove David C. Drake That may prove to be very wise! Nonetheless, I'm gonna give it a go as soon as I can. I tend to use Mac OS X most of the time lately anyway. Like  Reply  July 29 at 12:28pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake shared ELEX - A Piranha Bytes Game's photo.   Edited  An open world RPG developed cooperatively by Nordic Games and Piranha Bytes? Yes, please! ELEX - A Piranha Bytes Game Nordic Games teams up with Piranha Bytes to work on their first collaborative project. The open-world roleplay game ELEX is scheduled to release in Winter 2016/...2017 on PC and current gen console platforms: www.ELEXgame.com Apart from being enthusiastic about the cooperation with Nordic Games, it is great to know, that we will have ample creative freedom with ELEX, which is a very important factor for us said Bjrn Pankratz, Game Director at Piranha Bytes. We can't wait to show you a completely new game experience with a fresh setting, new assets and plenty of possibilities. ELEX is a handcrafted action role-playing experience from the award-winning creators of the Gothic series, set in a brand new post-apocalyptic science fantasy universe that puts players into a huge, seamless game world full of original characters, mutated creatures, deep moral choices and powerful action. See More 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Hui Hsu likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake via The Dwarves - Videogame   This tactical RPG shows some promise. And come on, who doesn't love dwarves? The Dwarves - Teaser Trailer We're putting dwarves front and center in our new RPG with realtime, physics-based combat and an intriguing story. youtube.com 1 Comment Like  Comment  Share Remove Gregory Blake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytWz0qVvBZ0  Diggy Diggy Hole  Out now on iTunes: http://yogsca.st/DiggyiTunes  Amazon UK: http://yogsca.st/DiggyAmazonUK  Amazon US: http://yogsca.st/DiggyAmazonUS  Diggy Diggy Hole ... youtube.com Like  Reply  1  July 27 at 11:09am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake   Finally! A release date for #FalloutShelter on Android. Fallout added 2 new photos. Very excited for Android users to begin playing #FalloutShelter on August 13th, soon to have Molerats, Deathclaws, and Mr. Handy Details! http://www.bethblog.com//fallout-shelter-august-update-an/ Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake   Hilarious comparison of two of my favorite shows: Game of Thrones and Halt and Catch Fire! driftglass: Halt and Catch Dragons driftglass.blogspot.com|By driftglass Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake shared NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration's photo.   Edited  A love note from Pluto, courtesy of the New Horizons spacecraft. Who could ask for a better birthday present than that? grin emoticon Many thanks to all of you who have been sending your well wishes in one form or another. Our time here on Earth is the most precious thing we have and I'm grateful to have spent some of mine with each of you. Here's to another trip around the sun! NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration Pluto has sent a love note back to Earth via our New Horizons spacecraft, which has traveled more than 9 years and 3+ billion miles. This is the last and most d...etailed image of Pluto sent to Earth before the moment of closest approach, which was at 7:49 a.m. EDT today. Images from the #PlutoFlyby will be processed and released on Wednesday, July 15. More to come! See More 17 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 17 people like this. Remove Yu-Jen Dai Hb Like  Reply  1  July 15 at 8:53pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake shared IGN.com's photo.   Thank you, Iwata! IGN.com A farewell tribute to Nintendo's Satoru Iwata http://go.ign.com/75YiEpP 3 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Remove Kailynn Zhou ?  Like  Reply  1  July 14 at 8:05am Remove David C. Drake Yes, he was only 55. It's a pity he had to go so early and he will be dearly missed by his many fans. Like  1  July 14 at 8:13am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake shared The Shannara Chronicles's video.   Fantasy fans, rejoice! This TV series based on the works of Terry Brooks looks promising. 0:00/2:47 Watch Later 77,633 Views The Shannara Chronicles at San Diego Comic-Con International IT HAS BEGUN. Watch an exclusive first look at The Shannara Chronicles, coming to MTV in January 2016. Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake via The Bard's Tale   Edited  Only 25 hours left to pledge your support for The Bard's Tale IV via Kickstarter! https://www.kickstarter.com/projec/inxile/the-bards-tale-iv The Bard's Tale IV Kickstarter Big Push! The Bard's Tale IV Kickstarter ends on Friday, July 10th at 6PM (PST) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/inxile/the-bards-tale-iv Video by Pasadena Jones P... youtube.com Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake shared U.S. Soccer's photo.   Edited  What a beautiful moment for U.S. Soccer and all American soccer fans. We're the 2015 World Cup Champions!!! U.S. Soccer World. Cup. Champions. #ThreeStars 9 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 9 people like this. Remove Frank Aliberti Actually it's the US women's soccer 3rd World Cup title. They won the tournament twice in the 90's. Plus they've won 4 Olympic soccer titles making them the team with the most titles in history, even comparing to men's teams since Hungary only has 3. Like  Reply  1  July 7 at 12:52am Remove David C. Drake Awesome! Thanks for the info. Guess I'm proving once again that I don't follow sports very closely. smile emoticon (I've now edited my original post.) Like  Reply  1  July 7 at 12:57am  Edited Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake July 4 at 11:45am  Instagram  Today, celebrate your personal #independence from all forms of bondage and oppression! #happyindependenceday 71 Likes6 Comments Like  Comment  Share 71 people like this. View 2 more comments Remove Rachel Dotson Did you become independent of gravity? Great picture! Like  Reply  2  July 5 at 4:07am Remove David C. Drake That's right: No gravitation without representation! Like  Reply  2  July 5 at 4:46am Remove Magi Huang  Like  Reply  1  July 5 at 8:07am Remove David C. Drake  Like  July 5 at 2:33pm View more replies Remove Nicole He No way, we should have a jumping competition! Like  Reply  1  July 5 at 2:01pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.David C. Drake July 1 at 1:19pm  Saint George, UT, United States  I love this. Stand up for humanity and sign the #Ello Bill of Rights for Social Network Users! The Ello Bill of Rights To encourage an atmosphere of responsibility and transparency, while creating the most positive social network experience, Ello has created this bill of rights for all social network users. bill-of-rights.ello.co|By Ello PBC USA 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
