Jared Brick at Cactus Jungle July 21 at 8:15pm  Instagram  @bobdavisart #photolessons from #BHImages and @jradbrick of Brick House Images #learnphotography #aperture #shutterspeed #canon #nikon #sony #dslr #cameras #zozi Like  ShareJared Brick July 21 at 7:53pm  Uber  Uber code for $20 off first ride: yzckso Get Your First Uber Ride Free! Sign up now with invite code yzckso and claim your free Uber ride, worth up to $20. You'll never need a taxi again. Available on iPhone, Android, and Windows Phone. www.uber.com Like  ShareJared Brick shared BuzzFeed Video's video.   Funny hahaha.... See why we need more medical marijuana for reals: http://sharepowered.com/this-is-what-happens-when-you-give/ 0:00/1:56 Watch Later 10,074,546 Views BuzzFeed Video uploaded a new video. If We Treated Alcohol The Way We Treat Weed With Allison Raskin 10 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 10 people like this. Remove Kian Dadras-Stipp Got you covered battle buddy! Like  July 22 at 11:02pm Remove Kian Dadras-Stipp Toni Moreland Like  1  July 22 at 11:03pm Toni Moreland replied  1 ReplyJared Brick shared Kevin Sorbo Official Facebook Page's video.   Some pretty funny f*ckin shite here... but no kids allowed. Ohh so many meanings for the 4 letter word!  feeling amused. 0:00/4:27 Watch Later Kevin Sorbo Official Facebook Page uploaded a new video. This is very funny. However, if you are offended by the F word.do not listen. 11 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 11 people like this. Remove John Kruth classic bit Like  1  July 22 at 12:23am Remove Spike Lomibao ohh i get it... today's lesson in CONJUGATION. f*ck language. Like  2  July 22 at 1:30am Remove James Ince-Scott It's also the only word you can insert into another word (I know, right?) for emphasis: Unbef**kinglievable! Like  1  July 22 at 10:39am Remove Kian Dadras-Stipp Harry Dadras, Elaine Smith, James Blake Smith Like  1  July 22 at 3:12pmJared Brick   Interesting perspective from an Ayurvedic doctor @lifespa in CO. My Current Views on Marijuana: Medical and Recreational - Dr. Douillard's LifeSpa The medical benefits of marijuana are becoming hard to ignore, and the research has only just begun.... lifespa.com|By John Douillard Like  ShareJared Brick   Only in Berkeley...? People get naked to save trees in Berkeley BERKELEYSIDE: Dozens of people stripped naked on the UC Berkeley campus today to protest what they say is an unnecessary and potentially harmful FEMA-funded proposal to clear thousands of trees in ... blog.sfgate.com 4 Likes12 Comments4 Shares Like  Share 4 people like this. 4 shares View 8 more comments Remove Teray Garchitorena Kunishi The Chief of Oakland Fire Prevention at the time of the 90s Fire corrected the mythology that eucalyptus trees were the cause of the fire. It was due to a poorly controlled grass fire. Eucalyptus ignited when the fire had become out of control. Chief M...See More Like  1  July 22 at 2:37am  Edited Remove Teray Garchitorena Kunishi And there is no plan to repopulate with trees, native or otherwise. Cypress, pine and acacia will also be cut down. Like  1  July 22 at 2:33am  Edited Remove Teray Garchitorena Kunishi Statement from David Maloney, retired firefighter and fire prevention chief. He directly addresses the FEMA plans asserts that it does not line up with fire science. http://treespiritproject.com/.../David-Maloney-assessment... Like  1  July 22 at 2:40am Deborah Simone replied  1 Reply Remove Deborah Simone Thankyou Teray. Like  1  July 22 at 2:51amJared Brick July 19 at 8:36pm  iOS Summer warm sunsets ahhhh!Jared Brick shared Kevin Sorbo Official Facebook Page's video.   Some pretty funny f*ckin shite here... but no kids allowed. Ohh so many meanings for the 4 letter word!  feeling amused. 0:00/4:27 Watch Later Kevin Sorbo Official Facebook Page uploaded a new video. This is very funny. However, if you are offended by the F word.do not listen. 11 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 11 people like this. Remove John Kruth classic bit Like  1  July 22 at 12:23am Remove Spike Lomibao ohh i get it... today's lesson in CONJUGATION. f*ck language. Like  2  July 22 at 1:30am Remove James Ince-Scott It's also the only word you can insert into another word (I know, right?) for emphasis: Unbef**kinglievable! Like  1  July 22 at 10:39am Remove Kian Dadras-Stipp Harry Dadras, Elaine Smith, James Blake Smith Like  1  July 22 at 3:12pmJared Brick   Interesting perspective from an Ayurvedic doctor @lifespa in CO. My Current Views on Marijuana: Medical and Recreational - Dr. Douillard's LifeSpa The medical benefits of marijuana are becoming hard to ignore, and the research has only just begun. Currently, 23 states have approved its use for conditions including pain, nausea, and glaucoma. Meanwhile, an influx of families are relocating to Colorado to get a strain of marijuana (called Charlo lifespa.com|By John Douillard Like  ShareJared Brick   Only in Berkeley...? People get naked to save trees in Berkeley BERKELEYSIDE: Dozens of people stripped naked on the UC Berkeley campus today to protest what they say is an unnecessary and potentially harmful FEMA-funded proposal to clear thousands of trees in ... blog.sfgate.com 4 Likes12 Comments4 Shares Like  Share 4 people like this. 4 shares View 8 more comments Remove Teray Garchitorena Kunishi The Chief of Oakland Fire Prevention at the time of the 90s Fire corrected the mythology that eucalyptus trees were the cause of the fire. It was due to a poorly controlled grass fire. Eucalyptus ignited when the fire had become out of control. Chief M...See More Like  1  July 22 at 2:37am  Edited Remove Teray Garchitorena Kunishi And there is no plan to repopulate with trees, native or otherwise. Cypress, pine and acacia will also be cut down. Like  1  July 22 at 2:33am  Edited Remove Teray Garchitorena Kunishi Statement from David Maloney, retired firefighter and fire prevention chief. He directly addresses the FEMA plans asserts that it does not line up with fire science. http://treespiritproject.com/.../David-Maloney-assessment... Like  1  July 22 at 2:40am Deborah Simone replied  1 Reply Remove Deborah Simone Thankyou Teray. Like  1  July 22 at 2:51amJared Brick July 19 at 8:36pm  iOS Summer warm sunsets ahhhh!"
