Jessa Olson shared Pac-12 Conference's photo.   Gary Olson Pac-12 Conference The media has spoken! In 2015, they've tapped the USC Trojans as the favorite to win the Pac-12 championship. USC and Oregon Football are their picks to go to the 2015 Pac-12 Football Championship Game. Check out the full poll: http://pac12.me/mediapoll Share Gary Olson likes this.Jessa Olson shared a link.   Part 2 - A day in the life Working on the road with Danny has been interesting. I am forever grateful for iPhones and wifi like... everywhere, making it easy to work just about at anytime from anywhere. Here is a look into... baseballlacelet.wordpress.com ShareJessa Olson shared Arkansas Razorbacks's photo.   Arkansas Razorbacks Faulkner County, show us your Razorback pride!! #UncommonLoyalty ShareJessa Olson shared Quite Women Co.'s photo.   Quite Women Co. Day 7 of 7: How to give it all to God Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will b...e able to test and approve what God's will is--his good, pleasing and perfect will. - Rom. 12:2 My dear sister, You don't have to be like everyone else or fit in with a certain group in order for God to do beautiful things in your life. Devote your life to Him knowing that you belong to Him...not the world! So don't allow other people or other things to come in the way of your relationship with the Him. Even when it comes to: 1. Your relationship goals Whether you're single or in a relationship, be mindful of the world's standard of what a relationship is supposed to look like. Don't be persuaded solely by what other people tell you, or by what you see in films or even reality tv..these scenarios dramatized for ratings and meant for entertainment. So even if it's your favorite show or your favorite song, remember that Jesus is the one who should influence your love life! Pray and seek the Lord daily about your relationship goals. Surround yourself with people who believe what you believe and let them be the ones who inspire you along the way--not what you see on social media or what you've seen in past experiences. You don't have to conform those patterns when He's inviting you in HIS pattern...HIS will. 2. Your career goals At times it can seem like only the people who dress a certain way or act a certain are able to climb the corporate or social ladder. Sometimes as a follower of Christ you might feel left out of certain groups and maybe you don't get invited to things or guys never seem to look your way. If that's you, know that you aren't any less worthy in God's eyes, because you're serving HIM. Don't stop doing that. I know it might not feel like it, but by not conforming to the ways of the world and living for Him, you ARE giving yourself to the Lord and you ARE making a difference! Let go of that worry that you're not fitting in, and give all of your worries to Him. God wants to use you, so let Him! Biblical context + further reading: Rom. 12:1-8 Written by @itsmorganlife See More ShareJessa Olson updated her cover photo.   Share 2 people like this.Jessa Olson updated her cover photo.   Share 4 people like this. Remove Terry Edgar A new toy for Heisman. July 26 at 10:35pmJessa Olson changed her profile picture.   Share 11 people like this.Jessa Olson shared Arkansas Razorbacks's photo.   Arkansas Razorbacks Faulkner County, show us your Razorback pride!! #UncommonLoyalty ShareJessa Olson shared Quite Women Co.'s photo.   Quite Women Co. Day 7 of 7: How to give it all to God Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will b...e able to test and approve what God's will is--his good, pleasing and perfect will. - Rom. 12:2 My dear sister, You don't have to be like everyone else or fit in with a certain group in order for God to do beautiful things in your life. Devote your life to Him knowing that you belong to Him...not the world! So don't allow other people or other things to come in the way of your relationship with the Him. Even when it comes to: 1. Your relationship goals Whether you're single or in a relationship, be mindful of the world's standard of what a relationship is supposed to look like. Don't be persuaded solely by what other people tell you, or by what you see in films or even reality tv..these scenarios dramatized for ratings and meant for entertainment. So even if it's your favorite show or your favorite song, remember that Jesus is the one who should influence your love life! Pray and seek the Lord daily about your relationship goals. Surround yourself with people who believe what you believe and let them be the ones who inspire you along the way--not what you see on social media or what you've seen in past experiences. You don't have to conform those patterns when He's inviting you in HIS pattern...HIS will. 2. Your career goals At times it can seem like only the people who dress a certain way or act a certain are able to climb the corporate or social ladder. Sometimes as a follower of Christ you might feel left out of certain groups and maybe you don't get invited to things or guys never seem to look your way. If that's you, know that you aren't any less worthy in God's eyes, because you're serving HIM. Don't stop doing that. I know it might not feel like it, but by not conforming to the ways of the world and living for Him, you ARE giving yourself to the Lord and you ARE making a difference! Let go of that worry that you're not fitting in, and give all of your worries to Him. God wants to use you, so let Him! Biblical context + further reading: Rom. 12:1-8 Written by @itsmorganlife See More ShareJessa Olson updated her cover photo.   Share 2 people like this.Jessa Olson updated her cover photo.   Share 4 people like this. Remove Terry Edgar A new toy for Heisman. July 26 at 10:35pmJessa Olson changed her profile picture.   Share 11 people like this."
