Jose Alfonso Villalobos 12 hrs  Hootsuite  Hey #Latinos! is that Trump boycott still going on? #DumTrump #LatinosUnited 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Jose M Espinosa likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos 17 hrs  Hootsuite  The Windows 10 update seems to be fine so far. *knocks on wood* #win10 5 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Remove Darrin Braswell My email has been turning off on its on. Then I get a massage that my device limit has been met. Not sure what that means when is a brand new computer. Like  Reply  16 hrs Remove Jose Alfonso Villalobos Switch to linux Like  2  16 hrs View more replies Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos shared Chris King's photo.   I want that! 2 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Charles Boyce You lost me at Warren Like  Reply  17 hrs Remove Steve Bruesewitz I want Warren to stay where she is, she has had alot of influance there Like  Reply  11 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos via Occupy Wall St.   I like Seattle. The people there really care. Departure Of Shell Icebreaker Delayed As Portland Protests Continue Thirteen protesters remain dangling from a bridge after the announcement an icebreaker they were trying to block would not depart Wednesday as planned. opb.org|By Cassandra Profita 2 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Josh Kracht Just don't try to drive there, or around there, or near there. Basically if you don't live in or near downtown; I would recommend hiring a group of hipster Sherpas to navigate the congestion to find your way there. Like  Reply  1  18 hrs Remove Jose Alfonso Villalobos No subways or busses? Like  18 hrs View more replies Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos 21 hrs  Hootsuite  Keep an eye on this! Bernie Sanders Hosts Biggest Organizing Event of 2016 So Far http://ow.ly/QgYzh #FeeltheBern Bernie Sanders Hosts Biggest Organizing Event of 2016 So Far More than 100,00 people participated in over 3,000 house parties. time.com 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Jose Alfredo Villalobos likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos 21 hrs  Paper.li  Hot off the press! Comics Daily is out! Batcave, Batwing, & Batmobile Designs In Batman V. Superman Influenced By Justice League When it comes to Batman V. Supermans design process, it seems that the cart is coming before the horse. In a recent feature on Batman V. Superman: Dawn of... paper.li|By SmallRivers Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos July 29 at 5:34pm  Hootsuite  Growing The Resistance to Corporate Education Reform BY: Jeanette Deutermann http://ow.ly/QfOp7 #Education Badass Teachers Association This is for every teacher who refuses to be blamed for the failure of our society to erase poverty and inequality, and refuses to accept... badassteachers.blogspot.com|By BadassTeacher Association 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos   They took out shop class? Is that still around in #U46? Mythbusters Star Argues That Schools Should Bring Back Shop Class American students could probably use some hands-on learning. intellectualtakeout.org 5 Likes5 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. 1 share View 1 more comment Remove Penel Eynde LeGrand My husband took Shop in HS. That came in handy when he went on to get his PhD in Physics. Like  Reply  Yesterday at 7:58am Remove Nancy Vandyke Yes they should Like  Reply  Yesterday at 8:06am Remove Thomas Xavier Stanhope In my middle school both boys and girls had to take both shop and home ec Like  Reply  1  Yesterday at 3:38pm Remove Traci D. Ellis Not in the same format. It has been updated to Career and Technical Education with a focus on advanced machining to meet current job needs. Like  Reply  1  19 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos   Bernie events are happening today! Bernie Sanders for President | Find Event go.berniesanders.com Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos July 29 at 3:24pm  Hootsuite  Putting together a social media slide presentation for my local #MovetoAmend group. So much to go over.... Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos July 29 at 8:15am  Paper.li  Hot off the press! Comics Daily is out! Harpy Agenda Amplifies Diverse Intersectional Voices in Comics On July 13, comics creators Shing Yin Khor and Taneka Stotts awarded the first Harpy Agenda Microgrant to J.A. Micheline for her sharp critique of the controversial... paper.li|By SmallRivers Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos July 29 at 5:34pm  Hootsuite  Growing The Resistance to Corporate Education Reform BY: Jeanette Deutermann http://ow.ly/QfOp7 #Education Badass Teachers Association This is for every teacher who refuses to be blamed for the failure of our society to erase poverty and inequality, and refuses to accept... badassteachers.blogspot.com|By BadassTeacher Association 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos   They took out shop class? Is that still around in #U46? Mythbusters Star Argues That Schools Should Bring Back Shop Class American students could probably use some hands-on learning. intellectualtakeout.org 5 Likes5 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. 1 share View 1 more comment Remove Penel Eynde LeGrand My husband took Shop in HS. That came in handy when he went on to get his PhD in Physics. Like  Reply  Yesterday at 7:58am Remove Nancy Vandyke Yes they should Like  Reply  Yesterday at 8:06am Remove Thomas Xavier Stanhope In my middle school both boys and girls had to take both shop and home ec Like  Reply  1  Yesterday at 3:38pm Remove Traci D. Ellis Not in the same format. It has been updated to Career and Technical Education with a focus on advanced machining to meet current job needs. Like  Reply  1  19 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos   Bernie events are happening today! Bernie Sanders for President | Find Event go.berniesanders.com Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos July 29 at 3:24pm  Hootsuite  Putting together a social media slide presentation for my local #MovetoAmend group. So much to go over.... Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Jose Alfonso Villalobos July 29 at 8:15am  Paper.li  Hot off the press! Comics Daily is out! Harpy Agenda Amplifies Diverse Intersectional Voices in Comics On July 13, comics creators Shing Yin Khor and Taneka Stotts awarded the first Harpy Agenda Microgrant to J.A. Micheline for her sharp critique of the controversial first issue of the Boom Studios ... paper.li|By SmallRivers Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
