Marie Frei   Edited  Thanks to Wayne at Thornybush Game Lodge-official for leading my first (of what I'm sure will be many) walking safaris! Read all about my experience on the AWF blog. On Their Level: My First Walking Safari | African Wildlife Foundation A guided walking safari offers the thrilling opportunity to get closer to some of Africas most charismatic wildlife. There's nothing quite like the vulnerability of having... awf.org 1 Like1 Share Like  Share Shannon Melnyk likes this. 1 shareMarie Frei at Times Square NYC June 19  Instagram  Edited  Today the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service crushed 1 ton of #ivory to send the message to traffickers and their customers that the U.S. will not tolerate this illegal trade. #Poaching is a serious threat to wildlife tourism, which is why I'm especially interested in the protection of elephant and rhino for the enjoyment of future generations. Thank you to the African Wildlife Foundation for allowing me document this historic day. 14 Likes Like  Share 14 people like this.Marie Frei shared African Wildlife Foundation's photo.   African Wildlife Foundation It's showtime! Tune in here to watch the #IvoryCrush in Times Square, and join the movement to #CrushTheTrade: www.awf.org/crowdrise Like  ShareMarie Frei   Just a portion of the 1 ton of seized ivory that will be crushed #ivorycrush  at Times Square NYC. 9 Likes Like  Share 9 people like this.Marie Frei   What a view! This morning the U.S. Fish & Wildlife service and leading conservation organizations are joining together to tell the world we won't tolerate illegal wildlife trafficking and the ivory trade  at Times Square NYC. 21 Likes1 Share Like  Share 21 people like this. 1 shareMarie Frei updated her cover photo.   Edited  #MeetSouthAfrica #MidlandsMeander 14 Likes Like  Share 14 people like this.Marie Frei shared One Carry-On's photo.   I believe I can fly.... One Carry-On I'm in the SA Travel Trade TECHZone, trying on a virtual reality headset by Oculus Rift. It loops audio and visual, immersing the user in a variety of South Afr...ica's best attractions and experiences. I stood with the penguins at Boulders Beach, then, was soaring as a paraglider high above Cape Town. Fun! See More 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Marie Frei was at Park Slope Historic District.    13 Likes Like  Share 13 people like this.Marie Frei   Want a few tips on how to stress less when traveling? Check out my fun interview with Brit + Co on traveling with a carry-on. 7 Essential Packing Tips for Traveling With Just a Carry-On This is the ultimate guide to packing light. brit.co 5 Likes Like  Share Brit + Co and 4 others like this.Marie Frei was at Cape Breton Highlands National Park.    23 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 23 people like this. Remove Pieter Enright follow that road and you'll get to this ...... hehehe December 4, 2014 at 2:53pm  Like  2Marie Frei shared Artisans of Leisure's photo.   For anyone visiting the Western Cape this summer, here are some of my favorite excursions. Artisans of Leisure Cape Town: Five Favorite Excursions (wine, wildlife, gardens, luxury, beautiful views, and more) #SouthAfrica #travel http://www.artisansofleisure.com//cape-town-five-favorite/ 5 Likes Like  Share 5 people like this.Marie Frei   Want a few tips on how to stress less when traveling? Check out my fun interview with Brit + Co on traveling with a carry-on. 7 Essential Packing Tips for Traveling With Just a Carry-On This is the ultimate guide to packing light. brit.co 5 Likes Like  Share Brit + Co and 4 others like this.Marie Frei was at Cape Breton Highlands National Park.    23 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 23 people like this. Remove Pieter Enright follow that road and you'll get to this ...... hehehe December 4, 2014 at 2:53pm  Like  2Marie Frei shared Artisans of Leisure's photo.   For anyone visiting the Western Cape this summer, here are some of my favorite excursions. Artisans of Leisure Cape Town: Five Favorite Excursions (wine, wildlife, gardens, luxury, beautiful views, and more) #SouthAfrica #travel http://www.artisansofleisure.com//cape-town-five-favorite/ 5 Likes Like  Share 5 people like this."
