Aaron Jay Ripin shared Free Technology for Teachers's photo.   Jeanne Meister Free Technology for Teachers How to Create a Multifaceted Backchannel Through Tozzl. http://www.freetech4teachers.com//how-to-create-multifacet ShareAaron Jay Ripin   Fun Free Technology for Teachers: 10 Charts Comparing Popular Ed Tech Tools freetech4teachers.com ShareAaron Jay Ripin shared Jesse Green's photo.   Brian Kramer!! Jesse Green That feeling you get when you wake up to find out your candidate of choice won the big election! CONGRATS Brian Kramer! It's a victory for us all. Haha Share 4 people like this. Remove Brian Kramer Haha, my 15 minutes of fame!  at 7:25pm Remove Aaron Jay Ripin Soak it in!!  at 7:58pm Remove Susan Lichenstein Green It was worth all the votes I cast!  at 8:07pm  1Aaron Jay Ripin   Troubling video included 'Kill the Jews!': New fears stoked as drunken mob attacks London synagogue A drunken mob stormed into a London synagogue where worshippers were marking the end of the Sabbath early Sunday, shouting Kill the Jews, attacking people,... foxnews.com Share Donald Furman likes this.Aaron Jay Ripin   Seems useful Photos For Class Search now to download properly attributed, Creative Commons photos for school! - See more at: http://www.photosforclass.com/#sthash.JW6cQCMe.dpuf Photos For Class - The quick and safe way to find and cite images for class! The Worlds easist way to search for safe, creative commons images and cite them. photosforclass.com|By Clever Prototypes, LLC ShareAaron Jay Ripin shared The Art League's photo.   Congrats Barrie Ripin Gabriela, terra cotta, by Barrie Ripin. Winner of the Marker Award for Realism in the March All-Media Exhibit, juried by Liza Key Strelka. The Art League Each medium is an adventure and, at least in my mind, feels right for certain subjects or my mood. Our Q&A with artist Barrie Ripin: http://ow.ly/KHgCz Share 7 people like this. Remove Faye Merrill Great sculpture and a wonderful interview. March 24 at 10:55am  1Aaron Jay Ripin   Wicked fun Americans Try To Pronounce Massachusetts Town Names Why even have all these letters if youre not going to use them? buzzfeed.com|By Jordan Shalhoub See more from Jordan Shalhoub.Follow Share 3 people like this.Aaron Jay Ripin shared Michael K. Clifford's post.   Michael K. Clifford Our company is seeking a Full Charge Bookkeeper for our Solana Beach office. Please send resume to me on mkc@mclifford.com. Please Share & Forward? ShareAaron Jay Ripin   Useful Free Technology for Teachers: 5 Free Tools for Creating Whiteboard Videos freetech4teachers.com Share 3 people like this. Remove Peter Ripin Nice info. March 14 at 8:15amAaron Jay Ripin was with Stacey Klein Ripin at The Brass Tap - Boynton Beach.   SaveSaved The Brass Tap - Boynton Beach Bar  Boynton Beach, FL, United States  4.9  6,335 were here Share 5 people like this."
