Virginia Buechel   So I was sick of hearing and seeing bad photos of New Jersey from our visitors, so now there's a special place for, well, special places. Get at it: New Jersey Spots | #NJspots (@njspots)  Instagram photos and videos : Capturing the special spots of New Jersey. #: Tag your favorite #NJspots : The Garden State instagram 6 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Helen Vogel Yeah but they have no problem spending their money here and dirtying up our beaches and throwing out their McDonalds trash on the Parkway when they are leaving do they. No right for them to complain because they are more then likely the ones making it that way!!! There is a lot of beauty in Jersey... Don't like our State then go back and trash your own is what I say..... Like  Reply  Yesterday at 4:07am Remove Virginia Buechel I wasn't complaining about the people just the pictures  Like  Yesterday at 4:35am View more replies Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel   Today's Weather: Chicken Noodle Soup #WoahHumidity 11 Likes Like  Comment  Share 11 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel via ESPN   This is something sports should be reporting about more often. #inspire Gold Medalist Amy Van Dyken Takes First Steps Since Accident espn.go.com 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel at The Athenian Seafood Restaurant and Bar July 29 at 7:40am  Instagram  Edited  Relationship Goals...with food I don't usually post #foodporn photos but I think this calls for it. A few weeks back while visiting #Seattle I was lucky enough to devour this amazing meal of crab fettuccine and Georgetown Brewing #MannysPaleAle (and shrimp bisque) at the #Athenian Seafood Restaurant in #PikesPlaceMarket. Man I miss this meal. 8 Likes Like  Comment  Share 8 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel July 27 at 12:45pm  iOS  Just got these fresh off the press. Another fun t-shirt design here at the Rock.  at Rockaway Recycling. 18 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 18 people like this. Remove Kiersten Hughes love love love them! Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 1:17am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel   This is a cool concept...kinda like Uber vibe for travelers. CityScout - How do YOU travel? CityScout's promo video! How do YOU travel? youtube.com 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Amber Collins likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel via Sheshreds.co   Some pretty cool and rad gear to hook yourself up before you head out to the woods. 8 Camping Essentials You Don't Want To Leave Behind These items are some must-have's for your camping adventure this summer. Some essentials like sleeping bags, tents, and water equipment can make... By SheShreds.co 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel   There is no dishonor in losing the race. There is only dishonor in not racing because you are afraid to lose. - Garth Stein #inspire 12 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. Remove Linda Detra Love love love this book.. All dog lovers need to read 'The Art of Racing in the Rain' and don't stop after Ch 1 bc you're sad. It gets so much better as you go Like  Reply  1  July 24 at 5:02am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel shared Hot Moms Club's video.   This is an awesome find by the people Tomboy Exchange, Inc. 0:00/0:00 Watch Later 2,540,357 Views Hot Moms Club uploaded a new video. A little boy called her ugly. Her response is GOLD... I wish I had this much confidence as a child! 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Virginia Buechel shared Sheshreds.co's photo.   Just. Need. Snow.  with Kyle Grunn and 5 others. Sheshreds.co Ambassador Maggie Phipps seems a little depressed about something. Use code MAGGIE at sheshreds.co/collections for 10% off now, plus a little summertime cheer for our sad snowboarder.  9 Likes8 Comments Like  Comment  Share 9 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Elisabeth Toft Stupid summer Like  Reply  1  July 22 at 9:34am Remove Colleen Boehm Can not wait until snow! Like  Reply  1  July 22 at 10:48am Remove Kelly Vance last night i had a dream that i had to go get my instructor uniform before i could snowboard, and the lady in the uniform place just kept chatting and chatting and not doing anything... Like  Reply  1  July 22 at 11:39am Remove Virginia Buechel Ugh the worst. Like  July 22 at 5:56pm Remove Simon Wheaton Get on a plane, head south, there is snow down this side of the planet. Like  Reply  1  July 22 at 7:42pm Simon Wheaton replied  7 Replies Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
