Christoph Von Toggenburg shared a link.   World Red Cross Red Crescent Day: Celebrating our principles This World Red Cross Red Crescent Day we're celebrating 50 years of our Fundamental Principles in action: Humanity, Impartiality, Neutrality, Independence,... icrc.org 9 Likes Like  Share 9 people like this.Christoph Von Toggenburg   Alegria wins the 'Big Heart Award' in conjunction with National Geographic and the Czech Expedition Film Festival 90 Likes18 Comments Like  Share 90 people like this. View 14 more comments Remove Britt Sylvester Congrats Christoph! So many awards! So how can I finally see this film? Like  1  May 6 at 8:16am Remove Srijeeta Verma Winning streak I must say my dear...great going! Congrats!!! Like  1  May 6 at 10:58am Remove Sascha Mller Fantastic! Like  1  May 6 at 2:13pm Remove Ravindu Samarasinghe Congratz.....!!!! Like  1  May 7 at 2:07amChristoph Von Toggenburg shared a link.   Israeli soldiers reveal: This is how we fought in Gaza Israeli soldiers tell what it was like to fight Hamas in Gaza washingtonpost.com|By William Booth See more from William Booth.Follow 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Christoph Von Toggenburg shared a link.   Nepal earthquake: 'Worst-affected' village of Langtang - BBC News South Asia Correspondent, Justin Rowlatt, is the first reporter to visit what is thought to be the worst-affected village of Langtang. www.bbc.com 8 Likes Like  Share 8 people like this.Christoph Von Toggenburg shared a link. April 30  Aljazeera English Website  Blog: Why Nepal is vulnerable to earthquakes Tremendous force builds up as two large tectonic plates are being forced up against and under each other. aljazeera.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Christoph Von Toggenburg shared a link.   Dont rush to Nepal to help. Read this first | Claire Bennett You may want to help victims of the earthquake, but they dont need unskilled volunteers or aid they cant use. Heres what you can do that wont get in the way theguardian.com|By Claire Bennett 10 Likes1 Comment2 Shares Like  Share 10 people like this. 2 shares Remove Harshit Sahdev even I have experienced in the flood affected regions of Himalayas. Apart from good intentions, one has to be competent to work in these areas. Moreover, I have also seen people feeling caught up and end up becoming and acting like victims.  at 4:16pm  Like  1Christoph Von Toggenburg   If you want to help...the Nepal Red Cross is doing a super job and can really use all the help needed! International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies added 3 new photos. A quick update on the humanitarian situation in #Nepal. The earthquake has already claimed thousands of lives, including a number of staff and volunteers fro...m the Nepal #RedCross. The Red Cross continues to assist in search and rescue efforts and to provide first aid, but access to remote areas around #Kathmandu remains a big challenge. Food, drinking water, emergency shelter and medical care are expected to be the most urgent needs. To support the response, please contact the Red Cross or Red Crescent Society in your country, or donate directly through our website here: http://www.ifrc.org/nepal-earthquake (Photos: Carl Whetham / IFRC) See More 18 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 18 people like this. Remove Marie-Antoinette Micheli So schrecklich.... Waren noch vor ein paar Monaten dort!See Translation April 28 at 4:08am  Like  1Christoph Von Toggenburg March 4  iPhoto  Edited  Going for a nightly walk.... 67 Likes5 Comments Like  Share 67 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Aaron Pereira En Suisse ? wink emoticonSee Translation March 5 at 6:59am  Like  1 Remove Anja M Form Surely this is not in the Geneva vicinity o_0 March 5 at 9:09pm  Like  1 Remove Christoph Von Toggenburg Just down at lake Geneva...that was clear, no!? March 5 at 10:06pm  Like  3 Remove Aaron Pereira Love it smile emoticon March 6 at 12:02am  Like  1"
