Monika Elling via NYC: The Official Guide   smile emoticon 13 words that have a different meaning in New York than anywhere else Not everything has the same meaning in New York that it does in the rest of the country. From measuring distance to terms of endearment, these words have a... timeout.com 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling shared a link.   How does wine affect the aging brain? | Wine & Health Q&A Does wine have an adverse effect on memory and motor skills as you get older? winespectator.com 2 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Paul Reidl I can't remember....... Like  Reply  1  9 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling 19 hrs  PR Newswire  Great news for Patricius Winery Tokaj! Patricius Wines of Tokaj Prove to be Golden in U.S. Wine Ratings and Competitions NEW YORK, July 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- prnewswire.com|By Foundations Marketing Group Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling shared a link.   A Blue Moon Is Coming This Friday | Travel + Leisure They happen aboutonce in a blue moon oak.ctx.ly 1 Like1 Share Like  Comment  Share David Stannard likes this. 1 share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling   Bordeaux Rose; perfect for this heat wave on both sides of the Atlantic. #AmeliaWines. 10 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. Remove Christopher J Davies Looking stately! Like  Reply  1  Yesterday at 1:09pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling July 27 at 9:44pm  iOS  When your Dad buys you roses, just because.... The man is a gem. Much to be learned from his generation of self-made, hard working, gentlemen.... 19 Likes4 Comments Like  Comment  Share 19 people like this. Remove Thor N Sue Ryan Lovely!! Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 10:16am Remove Debra A. Theresa Reinhardt BEAUTIFUL. You are very lucky. DEBRA Like  Reply  July 28 at 12:25pm Remove Debra A. Theresa Reinhardt Oh, I love the color too. Like  Reply  July 28 at 12:25pm Remove Katrin Zwingmann Say hello to your lovely parents! Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 6:57pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling 19 hrs  PR Newswire  Great news for Patricius Winery Tokaj! Patricius Wines of Tokaj Prove to be Golden in U.S. Wine Ratings and Competitions NEW YORK, July 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- prnewswire.com|By Foundations Marketing Group Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling shared a link.   A Blue Moon Is Coming This Friday | Travel + Leisure They happen aboutonce in a blue moon oak.ctx.ly 1 Like1 Share Like  Comment  Share David Stannard likes this. 1 share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling   Bordeaux Rose; perfect for this heat wave on both sides of the Atlantic. #AmeliaWines. 10 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. Remove Christopher J Davies Looking stately! Like  Reply  1  Yesterday at 1:09pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Monika Elling July 27 at 9:44pm  iOS  When your Dad buys you roses, just because.... The man is a gem. Much to be learned from his generation of self-made, hard working, gentlemen.... 19 Likes4 Comments Like  Comment  Share 19 people like this. Remove Thor N Sue Ryan Lovely!! Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 10:16am Remove Debra A. Theresa Reinhardt BEAUTIFUL. You are very lucky. DEBRA Like  Reply  July 28 at 12:25pm Remove Debra A. Theresa Reinhardt Oh, I love the color too. Like  Reply  July 28 at 12:25pm Remove Katrin Zwingmann Say hello to your lovely parents! Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 6:57pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
