Gowtham Kumar   My tribute to the missile man. We miss you sir Dr APJ Abdul Kalam ! You are in ours hearts. Love you 84 year young man frown emoticon He's an Immortal. Spoiler Alert : This article is completely based on my personal thoughts,If anything written wrong i could take that blame and will correct it.The reason why i wrote is he said words are powerful e... experimentswithmyself.wordpress.com 7 Likes Like  Share 7 people like this.Gowtham Kumar shared Being Indian's video.   I still don't understand how this kind of humans are living on this earth. Find that guy ! do the same thing with no mercy. 0:00/0:14 Warning - Graphic Video Videos that contain graphic content can shock, offend and upset. Are you sure you want to see this? Watch Later 60,898 Views Being Indian uploaded a new video. #ShareThisNOW: This horrible man is seen RUTHLESSLY ABUSING A DOG! Your blood will start boiling if you see him toss the poor dog around! This man belongs in... JAIL! Help us nab this man & #SHARE this as much as you can. We can't let him walk freely on the streets. He doesn't deserve to live, he should be tortured the same way he's torturing the dog! Note: An emergency ambulance is seen parked, if we can identify the charitable hospital name written on it, then we can trace the location. PLEASE #HELP US HELP THOSE INNOCENT DOGS!! See More Like  ShareGowtham Kumar shared Shahveer Jafry's video.   0:00/0:45 Watch Later 3,538,097 Views Shahveer Jafry uploaded a new video. Everything sounds good in english... By: Shahveer Jay | Waqar Malik | Sham Idrees 1 Like Like  Share Kotesh Patro likes this.Gowtham Kumar shared The BACK Benchers's post.   +4 The BACK Benchers added 7 new photos. We all have seen failures closely. If we haven't failed, we don't know the real value of success. #BornToInspire via WittyFeed Like  ShareGowtham Kumar shared a memory from July 1, 2012. July 1  3 Years Ago Today See Your Memories Gowtham Kumar July 1, 2012  Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. --------- Albert Einstein 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Gowtham Kumar shared Bill Gates's video.   0:00/0:48 Watch Later 52,504 Views Bill Gates uploaded a new video: What does it mean to be human? Passing knowledge from generation to generation is one of the unique things that make humans special. What do you think it means to be human? Submit your thoughts and you could win a prize from the Big History Project: http://b-gat.es/1IDgypW Like  ShareGowtham Kumar shared Shahveer Jafry's video.   0:00/0:45 Watch Later 3,538,097 Views Shahveer Jafry uploaded a new video. Everything sounds good in english... By: Shahveer Jay | Waqar Malik | Sham Idrees 1 Like Like  Share Kotesh Patro likes this.Gowtham Kumar shared The BACK Benchers's post.   +4 The BACK Benchers added 7 new photos. We all have seen failures closely. If we haven't failed, we don't know the real value of success. #BornToInspire via WittyFeed Like  ShareGowtham Kumar shared a memory from July 1, 2012. July 1  3 Years Ago Today See Your Memories Gowtham Kumar July 1, 2012  Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. --------- Albert Einstein 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Gowtham Kumar shared Bill Gates's video.   0:00/0:48 Watch Later 52,504 Views Bill Gates uploaded a new video: What does it mean to be human? Passing knowledge from generation to generation is one of the unique things that make humans special. What do you think it means to be human? Submit your thoughts and you could win a prize from the Big History Project: http://b-gat.es/1IDgypW Like  Share"
