John Henry Gaspay shared Hello Beautiful Face's photo.   Share 3 people like this.John Henry Gaspay shared a link. July 28 at 7:48pm  Lapu-Lapu City, Philippines  5 Signs that You Are Going to Live Life Poor | iMoney Here is a list of signs that determines if you are not doing well financially, and if you are guilty of these, try changing because dying poor is a choice. imoney.ph|By imoney ShareJohn Henry Gaspay July 28 at 1:54pm  Lapu-Lapu City, Philippines  Edited  In business, Timing is about being in the right place at the right time and doing the right thing! #JohngFavQuote #NowYouKnow #BusinessQuote Share 5 people like this.John Henry Gaspay shared Department of Health (Philippines)'s photo.   Department of Health (Philippines) WHAT TO DO BEFORE, DURING, AND AFTER AN EARTHQUAKE Earthquake is the shaking of the earth caused by waves moving on and below the earths surface and causing su...rface faulting, tremors, vibration, liquefaction, landslides, aftershocks, and/or tsunamis. Earthquakes strike suddenly without warning. Planning and identifying potential hazards are key to effectively reduce the dangers of serious injury or loss of life from an earthquake. The following should be done before, during, and after an earthquake: BEFORE AN EARTHQUAKE  Develop an emergency plan.  Familiarize yourself with your place of work or residence.  Take note of hotlines and emergency numbers to call for help.  Prepare an emergency supply kit consisting of food, water, clothing, first aid supplies, mobile phone, whistle, flash light, & extra batteries.  Secure heavy furniture and objects, which may break loose & fall during earthquakes. DURING AN EARTHQUAKE  Do not panic, remain calm.  If inside a building:  Do not jump from the building.  Go to the nearest exit and leave the building as soon as possible.  If the building is structurally sturdy, stay inside and brace yourself in a doorway or stay beside or underneath sturdy furniture to protect yourself from falling objects.  If outdoors:  Move to an open area away from nearby buildings, bridges, posts, power lines, and other structures that may fall or collapse.  If driving, pull over to the side of the road .  Stay as low as possible inside the vehicle. AFTER AN EARTHQUAKE  Stay calm.  Check yourself for any injuries.  Check for injured or trapped people near the affected area.  Seek medical help if you or others are injured.  Check for fire, toxic chemical spills, and other hazards in your surroundings.  Check water and electric lines for defects or damage.  Listen to the radio or watch local TV for additional information & safety instructions.  Inspect gas, water, and electric lines for any damage and leak. If in doubt, shut off main switches.  Evacuate immediately if you smell or hear gas and you are not able to shut it off.  Stay away from damaged buildings. #Beprepared #earthquake #disaterresponse #safety See More Share 5 people like this.John Henry Gaspay   I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems #JohngFavStanza #FavStanza #ForPositiveVibes... See More Owl City - Fireflies Music video by Owl City performing Fireflies. YouTube view counts pre-VEVO: 22,880,713. (C) 2009 Universal Republic Records, a division of UMG Recordings, Inc. youtube.com Share 5 people like this.John Henry Gaspay shared The New Ages's photo.   The New Ages Saw this. Sharing. Pertinent message in a world where 'education' has been reduced to a means to enter the rat race... Share 9 people like this.John Henry Gaspay July 28 at 1:54pm  Lapu-Lapu City, Philippines  Edited  In business, Timing is about being in the right place at the right time and doing the right thing! #JohngFavQuote #NowYouKnow #BusinessQuote Share 5 people like this.John Henry Gaspay shared Department of Health (Philippines)'s photo.   Department of Health (Philippines) WHAT TO DO BEFORE, DURING, AND AFTER AN EARTHQUAKE Earthquake is the shaking of the earth caused by waves moving on and below the earths surface and causing su...rface faulting, tremors, vibration, liquefaction, landslides, aftershocks, and/or tsunamis. Earthquakes strike suddenly without warning. Planning and identifying potential hazards are key to effectively reduce the dangers of serious injury or loss of life from an earthquake. The following should be done before, during, and after an earthquake: BEFORE AN EARTHQUAKE  Develop an emergency plan.  Familiarize yourself with your place of work or residence.  Take note of hotlines and emergency numbers to call for help.  Prepare an emergency supply kit consisting of food, water, clothing, first aid supplies, mobile phone, whistle, flash light, & extra batteries.  Secure heavy furniture and objects, which may break loose & fall during earthquakes. DURING AN EARTHQUAKE  Do not panic, remain calm.  If inside a building:  Do not jump from the building.  Go to the nearest exit and leave the building as soon as possible.  If the building is structurally sturdy, stay inside and brace yourself in a doorway or stay beside or underneath sturdy furniture to protect yourself from falling objects.  If outdoors:  Move to an open area away from nearby buildings, bridges, posts, power lines, and other structures that may fall or collapse.  If driving, pull over to the side of the road .  Stay as low as possible inside the vehicle. AFTER AN EARTHQUAKE  Stay calm.  Check yourself for any injuries.  Check for injured or trapped people near the affected area.  Seek medical help if you or others are injured.  Check for fire, toxic chemical spills, and other hazards in your surroundings.  Check water and electric lines for defects or damage.  Listen to the radio or watch local TV for additional information & safety instructions.  Inspect gas, water, and electric lines for any damage and leak. If in doubt, shut off main switches.  Evacuate immediately if you smell or hear gas and you are not able to shut it off.  Stay away from damaged buildings. #Beprepared #earthquake #disaterresponse #safety See More Share 5 people like this.John Henry Gaspay   I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems #JohngFavStanza #FavStanza #ForPositiveVibes... See More Owl City - Fireflies Music video by Owl City performing Fireflies. YouTube view counts pre-VEVO: 22,880,713. (C) 2009 Universal Republic Records, a division of UMG Recordings, Inc. youtube.com Share 5 people like this.John Henry Gaspay shared The New Ages's photo.   The New Ages Saw this. Sharing. Pertinent message in a world where 'education' has been reduced to a means to enter the rat race... Share 9 people like this."
