John Mulry   Some say Be very brief. People will read for little. Would you say that to a salesman? With a prospect standing before him, would you confine him to any certain number of words? That would be an unthinkable handicap. So in advertising. - like I always say Long copy always beats short copy empirical evidence has proved this again and again!  reading Scientific Advertising. Scientific Advertising Book SaveSaved 38 Likes 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.John Mulry shared AM.com's video.   Sean McGarrity Jason Kane 0:00/0:14 Watch Later 34,990,249 Views AM.com uploaded a new video. LOL 16 Likes6 Comments Like  Share 16 people like this. View 2 more comments Remove Mac Comhaill Uinseann Steven Cole July 21 at 9:16pm  Like  1 Remove Carl Glynn Nigera Zylyftari thats totally you all over lol July 21 at 9:42pm  Like Remove Darren Bew Haha, there will be a deduction on the landing, what??? July 22 at 4:16am  Like Remove David Knowles July 22 at 7:56am  LikeJohn Mulry shared a link.   Youre Irish Mammies Mondays Reminder: In 2 more days I will post next installment of our inner... On this Monday awaken! Something special which lies deep within, is waiting. Can you feel it? Yes? /No? On... miraculoussearch.com Like  ShareJohn Mulry shared FM104's video.   0:02/2:11 Watch Later 4,252,116 Views FM104 uploaded a new video: Teacher knows how to get attention in class. . Now this is how to get your student's attention in class. So cool Nite time network fm104 Dec Byrne #GoodFriday 6 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 6 people like this. Remove Linus Persson That was awesome! July 20 at 2:25am  LikeJohn Mulry commented on a link.   Right now what's on my mind is testing funnels and trip wires and scaling traffic. Have put together 5 lead magnets all leading in to one funnel for free + shipping book offer and more. Brain is fried smile emoticon What's on your mind about your marketing this week? Hey, Marlon here. Have a newsletter to write. Whats on your mind about your marketing or pursuite of online sales? Post in comments below. I want to hear from YOU! Marlon marlonsnews.com 1 Like Like  Share Kevin Fahey likes this.John Mulry shared Sean McGarrity's post.   Sean McGarrity I WANT TWO AWESOME TRAINERS TO COME AND WORK WITH MY TEAM 1 New just out of the box Trainer to intern & learn & 1 Senior trainer that knows his stuff.... Here at EA GYM we have 2 positions available 1 Trainer needs to: - love what they do - Excellent verbal communication skills - must have the ability to adjust to peoples moods and personalities - Ability to work on their own. - Will get full training and will report directly to senior trainer and will be learning the business of training from us. 1 Senior Trainer - Excellent coaching skills - Good verbal communication and listening skills - Should be well versed in understanding, procedures and company policy. - Able to support and direct the trainers working in their team Send your CV to Michelle at elitefpablackrock@gmail.com, and tell us: Why you are suitable for this position? What you could bring to the position? Please ONLY contact us through e-mail, we will be in touch with all successful applicants to invite them to the next stage. See More 1 Like Like  Share Sean McGarrity likes this.John Mulry shared a link.   Youre Irish Mammies Mondays says.... 2 more days and we will continue our journey. In the meantime  Remember, healing happens when the mind is still and the body is rested. Progressive... miraculoussearch.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.John Mulry shared The Huffington Post's video.   0:00/2:46 Watch Later The Huffington Post uploaded a new video: Puppies And Kittens Vs. Mirrors. Just walk it off little buddy, just walk it off. 12 Likes Like  Share 12 people like this.John Mulry   Marlon Sanders great issue this week Can't access the link for max out PDF though on iPhone. Have you a link to it? Cheers  2 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 2 people like this. Remove Marlon Sanders John I just tried the link on my iPhone and it works. July 5 at 2:44am  LikeJohn Mulry   Bellmullet's scenery is feckin amazing   with Katie Keane and 2 others. 29 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 29 people like this. Remove Darragh Bob Nagle C ye 2moro kids!! Enjoy 2nite... June 27 at 5:17am  Like  2John Mulry commented on a link.   Right now what's on my mind is testing funnels and trip wires and scaling traffic. Have put together 5 lead magnets all leading in to one funnel for free + shipping book offer and more. Brain is fried smile emoticon What's on your mind about your marketing this week? Hey, Marlon here. Have a newsletter to write. Whats on your mind about your marketing or pursuite of online sales? Post in comments below. I want to hear from YOU! Marlon marlonsnews.com 1 Like Like  Share Kevin Fahey likes this.John Mulry shared Sean McGarrity's post.   Sean McGarrity I WANT TWO AWESOME TRAINERS TO COME AND WORK WITH MY TEAM 1 New just out of the box Trainer to intern & learn & 1 Senior trainer that knows his stuff.... Here at EA GYM we have 2 positions available 1 Trainer needs to: - love what they do - Excellent verbal communication skills - must have the ability to adjust to peoples moods and personalities - Ability to work on their own. - Will get full training and will report directly to senior trainer and will be learning the business of training from us. 1 Senior Trainer - Excellent coaching skills - Good verbal communication and listening skills - Should be well versed in understanding, procedures and company policy. - Able to support and direct the trainers working in their team Send your CV to Michelle at elitefpablackrock@gmail.com, and tell us: Why you are suitable for this position? What you could bring to the position? Please ONLY contact us through e-mail, we will be in touch with all successful applicants to invite them to the next stage. See More 1 Like Like  Share Sean McGarrity likes this.John Mulry shared a link.   Youre Irish Mammies Mondays says.... 2 more days and we will continue our journey. In the meantime  Remember, healing happens when the mind is still and the body is rested. Progressive... miraculoussearch.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.John Mulry shared The Huffington Post's video.   0:00/2:46 Watch Later The Huffington Post uploaded a new video: Puppies And Kittens Vs. Mirrors. Just walk it off little buddy, just walk it off. 12 Likes Like  Share 12 people like this.John Mulry   Marlon Sanders great issue this week Can't access the link for max out PDF though on iPhone. Have you a link to it? Cheers  2 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 2 people like this. Remove Marlon Sanders John I just tried the link on my iPhone and it works. July 5 at 2:44am  LikeJohn Mulry   Bellmullet's scenery is feckin amazing   with Katie Keane and 2 others. 29 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 29 people like this. Remove Darragh Bob Nagle C ye 2moro kids!! Enjoy 2nite... June 27 at 5:17am  Like  2"
