Abhiram Muddu shared Girly Things's photo.   Edited  You've been PHOTOBOMBED!!!  1 Like Like  Share Arun R Nair likes this.Abhiram Muddu with Prasad Muddu and 6 others at Wargal Saraswati Temple   Vedic Hymns #devotion #temple #blessed #vedicchants 0:00/3:38 Watch Later 193 Views11 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 11 people like this. Remove Radha M Thanks for sharing! Will listen to it at home- you all must have been blissed out smile emoticon Like  Yesterday at 1:33am  Edited Remove Rajeswari M Nori Just heard it, thanks for sharing! Like  Yesterday at 2:55am Remove Archana Seshu Nice feels nice hearing Vedas that's for sharing Like  Yesterday at 5:50am Remove Ram Mohan Rao Muddu Feeling blessed. These young children keeping aside all the worldly things , learning vedas is wonderful . This legacy of vedic chanting should be an ongoing process , as ours is veda bhoomi Like  Yesterday at 8:51amAbhiram Muddu added 7 new photos.   Temple time!!!  with Lakshmi Muddu and 2 others at Wargal Saraswati Temple. +3 34 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 34 people like this. Remove Venkata Rao Akondi Very gud gathering at a paious temple Godess Saraswathi bless all of U... Like  Yesterday at 1:20am Remove Sirisha Rachakonda Nice pictures!!! Like  Yesterday at 1:56amAbhiram Muddu   More than being a teacher, a scientist, 'politician', the missile man, one thing he stands our for is the fact that he is one of the very few truly secular people we have seen up there. The rest of them just pose for the cameras. It is heartening to see the Parliamentarians pay their respects to him but if they truly respect him, they should try to bring about the changes which the great man wanted to see...especially with the Parliament disruptions. That one change would show their gratitude towards the 'Teacher'. Rest in our Hearts Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam. #India #KalamSir #Thebestpresidentsofar On Facebook, President APJ Abdul Kalam's Aide Recalls His Last Day This was posted on Facebook at 4 am by the former President's aide, Srijan Pal Singh. ndtv.com 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Abhiram Muddu shared MixedMartialArts.com's video.   Haha, Amazing Ad!!! Must watch 0:00/0:57 Watch Later 8,857,013 Views MixedMartialArts.com with Satwinder Singh and 2 others The UnderGround Kung Fu Series In this documentary by the Mountain Dew company, an acolyte at the Shaolin Temple develops remarkable speed via unorthodox training methods. 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Abhiram Muddu shared The Huffington Post's video.   #doggylove #awwwwsocute 0:00/2:16 Watch More www.huffingtonpost.com Watch Again Watch Later 6,156,763 Views The Huffington Post uploaded a new video. You don't know this human, but I'm watching you. 15 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 15 people like this. Remove Mihaela Boteva Too adorable!!!! Like  1  July 27 at 9:34pmAbhiram Muddu shared The Dave, Mahoney & DK Morning Show's video.   Awwwwww!!! heart emoticon 0:00/0:22 Watch Later The Dave, Mahoney & DK Morning Show uploaded a new video. You don't see this on the road everyday... 47 Likes Like  Share 47 people like this.Abhiram Muddu   More than being a teacher, a scientist, 'politician', the missile man, one thing he stands our for is the fact that he is one of the very few truly secular people we have seen up there. The rest of them just pose for the cameras. It is heartening to see the Parliamentarians pay their respects to him but if they truly respect him, they should try to bring about the changes which the great man wanted to see...especially with the Parliament disruptions. That one change would show their gratitude towards the 'Teacher'. Rest in our Hearts Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam. #India #KalamSir #Thebestpresidentsofar On Facebook, President APJ Abdul Kalam's Aide Recalls His Last Day This was posted on Facebook at 4 am by the former President's aide, Srijan Pal Singh. ndtv.com 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Abhiram Muddu shared MixedMartialArts.com's video.   Haha, Amazing Ad!!! Must watch 0:00/0:57 Watch Later 8,857,013 Views MixedMartialArts.com with Satwinder Singh and 2 others The UnderGround Kung Fu Series In this documentary by the Mountain Dew company, an acolyte at the Shaolin Temple develops remarkable speed via unorthodox training methods. 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Abhiram Muddu shared The Huffington Post's video.   #doggylove #awwwwsocute 0:00/2:16 Watch More www.huffingtonpost.com Watch Again Watch Later 6,156,763 Views The Huffington Post uploaded a new video. You don't know this human, but I'm watching you. 15 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 15 people like this. Remove Mihaela Boteva Too adorable!!!! Like  1  July 27 at 9:34pmAbhiram Muddu shared The Dave, Mahoney & DK Morning Show's video.   Awwwwww!!! heart emoticon 0:00/0:22 Watch Later The Dave, Mahoney & DK Morning Show uploaded a new video. You don't see this on the road everyday... 47 Likes Like  Share 47 people like this."
