Loulwa Kalache   Friends...Please like and share with anyone you know in Palestinian territory or anyone who was affected by war trauma in our Middle east. it is much needed! This page is all about playing educational videos created by The Digital Media Psychoeducation Program. The videos will support families and help professionals in Gaza by teaching them how to: recognize the effects of trauma on mental health and general wellbeing, & Provide basic coping skills for families in the face of disaster trauma ...among other psychological education objectives.  Bissalameh Community Like Page 20,495 Likes 1,598 talking about this 8 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 8 people like this. Remove Loulwa Kalache watch the trailer here! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44yuCSTiRv0 Bissalameh Trailer |   youtube.com Like  June 6 at 4:41amLoulwa Kalache   Anyone knows a celebrity chef anywhere in the world?? or knows someone who is related to a celebrity chef??? Reason: we are happy to announce to have a : Special Chef Edition of the Mediterranean Cookbook Abundance:... This ever First Alumni AUB Cookbook will be publishing a limited number of copies of a Special Edition of the Cookbook featuring recipes and photos from famous chefs. This Special Edition Cookbook will be sold at auctions during selected WAAAUB-AUB Alumni events around the world. See More 10 Likes10 Comments1 Share Like  Share 10 people like this. 1 share View 8 more comments Remove Riham Kowatly Omar Knio (fatafeat chef, i cant remember her name:$) Like  1  June 1 at 3:39am Remove Ibrahim Mikati Am sure it will be an amazing book coz u worked on it !!!! smile emoticon waiting to have some delicious healthy recipes! Like  1  June 1 at 5:14pm  Edited Remove Loulwa Kalache Hehehehe inchAllah bob i ll gift u a copy so u try the recipes and i taste them  Like  1  June 1 at 5:15pmLoulwa Kalache via Sustainable Human   A legislation to cut Frances food waste in half by 2025 (reasons are for saving resources and energy sources )   France Is Making It Illegal For Grocery Stores To Waste Food 1/3 of the food currently produced worldwide is thrown away every year.. To help prevent this travesty, France just passed new legislation banning stores from purposefully ruining food. trueactivist.com 11 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 11 people like this. Remove Ibrahim Mikati Food engineering and processing till the end   !  Like  1   at 6:49pm Remove Loulwa Kalache It will also be illegal to throw remaining food (too much) in a restaurant. Ibrahim Like  1   at 11:59pmLoulwa Kalache shared Pearl's Powder's photo.   Pearl's Powder Fresh & organic tomato from our home garden ! No chemicals or filters were used in this photo #chemical #organic #tomato #gardening #homegarden #fresh 9 Likes Like  Share 9 people like this.Loulwa Kalache   100% 18 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 18 people like this. Remove Sara Matar True ! April 22 at 5:56am  Like  1"
