Kevin A. Barnes    Started Working at Orion Group LLCDirector of Web Design and Development Sussex, Wisconsin Oversees all aspects of the Orion Groups website design and development efforts. Responsible for establishing strategic plans, policies, and procedures at all levels so website projects will meet or exceed clients needs and expectations. Manages Orion Groups team of developers and design/UX resources. ShareKevin A. Barnes   A new blog post from Pathways Consulting Group. Onboarding Seamlessly  Pathways Consulting Group A new hire can receive all of the items and information for a great start through an automated process simply implemented by a HR or company professional. pathwayscg.com ShareKevin A. Barnes   Edited  Sad to see this vacation end...ran #tcdisney at Walt Disney World last Sat., then explored San Juan this week during the days leading up to Fiesta San Sebastin. Share 10 people like this.Kevin A. Barnes shared Lauren Erbach's post.   Lauren Erbach So proud of our awesome National Team who conquered 13.1 miles in the happiest place on Earth today! ShareKevin A. Barnes   Preparing for the Walt Disney World Half Marathon (with Nancy Bird). Share 15 people like this. Remove Dinorah Corts-Vlez Awww, you two look too cute! Good luck in the marathon!  at 11:42pm  1 Remove Patricia L. Rengel Breathe deeply and think about that wonderful human who awaits you at the finish line!! January 10 at 8:22am  1Kevin A. Barnes   Nancy Bird's book Put Together: A Minne-Memoir is climbing the Puerto Rican Authors list in the 2015 Goodreads Choice Awards. Please vote! Puerto Rican Authors (22 books) 22 books based on 9 votes: Conquistadora by Esmeralda Santiago, When I Was Puerto Rican by Esmeralda Santiago, Love When You Say Love by Odilia Rivera-Sa... goodreads.com Share Nancy Bird likes this.Kevin A. Barnes   Happy Labor Day! On this traditional day off in the US, here is my challenge to you  Make a Non-Work Difference: 1) Help out a stranger 2) Listen to a friend... 3) Tell a special someone you love them 4) Change the world (in some small way) See More Share 5 people like this. Remove Nancy Bird Like Stacia Corona once posted: In the end, only kindness matters. smile emoticon  at 8:59pm Remove Marlena Fitzpatrick Love this Kevin A. Barnes  at 10:49pmKevin A. Barnes   This is a great idea  sharing great Portuguese literature with visitors to Lisbon. Travelling Books: Vintage Van Carries Literature Around Lisbon A mobile bookstore, loaded with translations of Portuguese classics, drives around selling books to tourists and locals alike. The van, called Tell a Story, plans to start... npr.org Share 2 people like this."
