Paige Brockmyre shared Riley Warmoth's video.   0:00/0:05 Watch Later 854 Views Riley Warmoth uploaded a new video. All of these awesome children want YOU to come see Legally Blonde Jr tonight at WEST MICHIGAN ACADEMY OF ARTS AND ACADEMICS at 7:00! Tomorrow at 7:00 as well!!! Share 3 people like this.Paige Brockmyre   Come to Michigan! America's Newest Vegetarian Drive-Thru Is The Anti-McDonald's America is getting another all-vegetarian drive-thru next month. Amy's Kitchen, a company known for its vegetarian convenience food and frozen meals, will open its... huffingtonpost.com Share 7 people like this.Paige Brockmyre uploaded a new video.   Practicing for the Tri! 0:00/1:41 Watch Later Share 12 people like this. Remove David Brockmyre Thx hon. 1  July 4 at 12:44am Remove Nancy MacDougal Bjerken WHO is practicing? You?? 1  July 4 at 10:34pm Remove Paige Brockmyre Nancy MacDougal Bjerken-David is doing a sprint tri this weekend, silly you! July 6 at 7:47pm Remove Nancy MacDougal Bjerken Do it with him! I did one a couple of years ago. You can do it! 1  July 6 at 8:39pmPaige Brockmyre was at Croc's Casino Resort.   SaveSaved Croc's Casino Resort Travel Agency  Jac, Costa Rica  4.4  4,670 were here Share 6 people like this. Remove Monica Twa Um? 1   at 7:04pm Remove Paige Brockmyre I wish! 3   at 8:57pm Remove Susan Negen In your mind, maybe!!! 2   at 9:04pmPaige Brockmyre June 29  Grand Rapids, MI, United States  Chris Widener -The Art of Influence #retailsuccesssummit Share 18 people like this.Paige Brockmyre   Enjoying Http://chriswidener.com #retailsuccesssummit Share 2 people like this.Paige Brockmyre shared CathNews's photo.   CathNews Not the one o clock news... In a mothers womb were two babies. One asked the other: Do you believe in life after delivery? The other replied, Why, of course.... There has to be something after delivery. Maybe we are here to prepare ourselves for what we will be later. Nonsense said the first. There is no life after delivery. What kind of life would that be? The second said, I dont know, but there will be more light than here. Maybe we will walk with our legs and eat from our mouths. Maybe we will have other senses that we cant understand now. The first replied, That is absurd. Walking is impossible. And eating with our mouths? Ridiculous! The umbilical cord supplies nutrition and everything we need. But the umbilical cord is so short. Life after delivery is to be logically excluded. The second insisted, Well I think there is something and maybe its different than it is here. Maybe we wont need this physical cord anymore. The first replied, Nonsense. And moreover if there is life, then why has no one has ever come back from there? Delivery is the end of life, and in the after-delivery there is nothing but darkness and silence and oblivion. It takes us nowhere. Well, I dont know, said the second, but certainly we will meet Mother and she will take care of us. The first replied Mother? You actually believe in Mother? Thats laughable. If Mother exists then where is She now? The second said, She is all around us. We are surrounded by her. We are of Her. It is in Her that we live. Without Her this world would not and could not exist. Said the first: Well I dont see Her, so it is only logical that She doesnt exist. To which the second replied, Sometimes, when youre in silence and you focus and you really listen, you can perceive Her presence, and you can hear Her loving voice, calling down from above. See More Share 8 people like this.Paige Brockmyre   I need an EPIC day! WhizBang! Training #retailsuccesssummit Share 2 people like this. Remove Susan Negen You do! Been working your tail off, Paige Brockmyre! 1  June 30 at 10:12am"
