Rob Riggs via Your Design Online   Big news for businesses that accept credit cards: implement new tech or risk non-compliance and liability for fraud. Deadline is October 2015! A big legal burden awaits small businesses, and most arent aware of it Few small business owners are aware of the massive fraud responsibility headed their way this fall. washingtonpost.com 1 Like1 Comment Like  Share Amelia Chambers likes this. Remove Amelia Chambers I just preordered mine! I'm glad you posted this. I knew, but didn't even think about it. Like  12 hrsRob Riggs 19 hrs  YDO blog posting  What the Right Tests Can Do for Your Business: Marketing is both art and science. The art comes from listening and understanding the needs of users in order to customize your message and increase conversion rates. The science comes from using analytics data to test which marketing actions provide the greatest return and why. Yet many business owners struggle with testing and cant figure how to use it as part of their marketing strategies. , https://yourdesignonline.com/what-the-right-tests-can-do-f/ Like  ShareRob Riggs July 28 at 12:46pm  YDO blog posting  Brilliant Marketing Strategies You Should Steal: Here are three totally different approaches to generating hype that utilize everything from cutting-edge technology to your Facebook friends list. Each one can teach us about online consumer habits, from click-through ratings to brand perception, no matter how sophisticated or no frills they may..., https://yourdesignonline.com/brilliant-marketing-strategie/ 3 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Rob Riggs   Edited  Mo Thomasos isn't this the bovine eyeball guy? That must have been one epic traffic stop. Rock Springs serial rapist sentenced to 100 years in prison A Rock Springs man was sentenced to multiple prison terms in Green River on Friday for sexual assaults dating back to the 1970s, the Sweetwater County... trib.com|By By LILLIAN SCHROCK Star-Tribune staff writer 1 Like2 Comments Like  Share Mo Thomasos likes this. Remove April White Bolden And he's already been sentenced...lol. Is any article or link on facebook true? It's gotten ridiculous. Like  1  July 26 at 12:21am Remove Mo Thomasos Oh snap!!! I still want to believe my story. Like  1  July 26 at 4:51amRob Riggs July 21 at 1:58pm  YDO blog posting  When To (Not) Worry About Your SEO Strategy: Your SEO strategy is at the core of your success in search engines results pages (SERP), industry directories, and social media. Continual algorithm updates can make this part of your marketing seem like it needs the most attention. This can come at the expense of the other vital parts of your business, such as providing greater value through your products and services. SEO professionals know that it is their job to monitor and adapt to the frequent changes that impact the results of your campaign. But how much should you, as a business owner, worry about? , https://yourdesignonline.com/when-to-not-worry-about-your-/ Like  ShareRob Riggs shared Tiffany Patterson's photo.   The past is behind you... Tiffany Patterson The past is behind you. What are you doing to make a difference in your future? #USArmy #ArmyStrong #IBecameASoldier 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this."
