George Jurgens July 8 at 6:54pm  London, United Kingdom  Stumbled across this beaut'. A timelapse of #London by Marriott Hotels London minute: a hyperlapse tour with Marriott International See Londons most iconic attractions in under 2 minutes with this hyperlapse video by Paul Richardson. Zoom from the London Eye to Big Ben, coast over the Ri... youtube.com 5 Likes Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   Friends and Family with kids! We've just launched Hopster across Europe! Travelling this summer? Need to keep the kids busy, entertained and learning? Then download Hopster! Use voucher code 'G3ORG3' at www.hopster.tv/promo to get 30 days free. Then download Hopster for free from the App Store. ... Feel free to share with others! Merci! See More 18 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 18 people like this. Remove Foster Johnson Sounds like you need a cool animated trailer. here's the one I made for puzzlings: https://vimeo.com/127304317 Like  Reply  July 2 at 3:26am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   Hopster is now not only down under, but all over: we've launched in the Middle East! If you have friends in Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE, and Yemen, tell them about us NOW..(please!) To make it a no-brainer, heres a special 30 day free trial code for you and other friends of Hopster: Use G3ORG3 on hopster.tv/promo to get 30 days free!... Then download Hopster for free from the App Store Genuinely, thanks so much for your help in getting the news out there. If you have any questions, please drop me a mail See More 8 Likes Like  Comment  Share 8 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens at The Biscuit Factory June 4  Instagram  What a view of London this evening #London #sunset #farmdropfete 24 Likes Like  Comment  Share 24 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   Edited  We've gone and launched Hopster in Australia and New Zealand! Whoop whoop. If you know anyone out there with toddlers (2-6) please share the news. To make it a no-brainer, heres a special 30 day free trial code for you and other friends of Hopster: Use G3ORG3 on hopster.tv/promo to get 30 days free! Then download Hopster for free from the App Store... Genuinely, thanks so much for your help in getting the news out there. If you have any questions, please drop me a mail See More  in London, United Kingdom. 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   For the Game of Throne fans: Game of Thrones: The Musical  Emilia Clarke Teaser | Red Nose Day Emilia Clarke performs a song from Coldplays Game of Thrones musical. Part of Red Nose Day, the live charity event May 21 at 8/7c on NBC. Help lift children... youtube.com 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Susanne Hadi likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   Hopster is now not only down under, but all over: we've launched in the Middle East! If you have friends in Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, UAE, and Yemen, tell them about us NOW..(please!) To make it a no-brainer, heres a special 30 day free trial code for you and other friends of Hopster: Use G3ORG3 on hopster.tv/promo to get 30 days free!... Then download Hopster for free from the App Store Genuinely, thanks so much for your help in getting the news out there. If you have any questions, please drop me a mail See More 8 Likes Like  Comment  Share 8 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens at The Biscuit Factory June 4  Instagram  What a view of London this evening #London #sunset #farmdropfete 24 Likes Like  Comment  Share 24 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   Edited  We've gone and launched Hopster in Australia and New Zealand! Whoop whoop. If you know anyone out there with toddlers (2-6) please share the news. To make it a no-brainer, heres a special 30 day free trial code for you and other friends of Hopster: Use G3ORG3 on hopster.tv/promo to get 30 days free! Then download Hopster for free from the App Store... Genuinely, thanks so much for your help in getting the news out there. If you have any questions, please drop me a mail See More  in London, United Kingdom. 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.George Jurgens   For the Game of Throne fans: Game of Thrones: The Musical  Emilia Clarke Teaser | Red Nose Day Emilia Clarke performs a song from Coldplays Game of Thrones musical. Part of Red Nose Day, the live charity event May 21 at 8/7c on NBC. Help lift children... youtube.com 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Susanne Hadi likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
