Angelique Schouten shared Ohpen's photo.   How the multiple challenges you are facing has an effect on your business? Nowadays, your business is in a competitive fast changing market and because of it, you are facing lots of challenges. As the Dutch would say it you are playing chess on many boards at the same time. However, new technologies are developed every day that enable you to improve your business strategy and deliver next generation customer experiences. These technologies have one purpose only: to assist y...ou in growing and managing your business. The financial industry faces many challenges. It is most likely that you face many issues. But what can you do about it? What are the effects of the issues you are facing? And how do you tackle these effects head-on? How do you increase the need for speed in innovation whilst facing a lot of challenges? Be ready to revolutionize your way to manage your business and discover all the benefits the cloud represent for you by attending to the event on June 9! If you are not registered, dont let someone take this opportunity for you and do it now -> http://amzn.to/1AtgG8J See More Ohpen How the multiple challenges you are facing has an effect on your business? Nowadays, your business is in a competitive fast changing market and because of it, y...ou are facing lots of challenges. As the Dutch would say it you are playing chess on many boards at the same time. However, new technologies are developed every day that enable you to improve your business strategy and deliver next generation customer experiences. These technologies have one purpose only: to assist you in growing and managing your business. The financial industry faces many challenges. It is most likely that you face many issues. But what can you do about it? What are the effects of the issues you are facing? And how do you tackle these effects head-on? How do you increase the need for speed in innovation whilst facing a lot of challenges? Be ready to revolutionize your way to manage your business and discover all the benefits the cloud represent for you by attending to the event on June 9! If you are not registered, dont let someone take this opportunity for you and do it now -> http://amzn.to/1AtgG8J See More ShareAngelique Schouten shared Ohpen's photo.   Thanks for mentioning us Amazon Web Services! We are happy to collaborate with you and PwC for this #cloudbanking and #FinTech event. To all you guys in finance in the Netherlands: there are still some seats available for the 9th of June. So be quick to register -> http://amzn.to/1AtgG8J Ohpen Thanks for mentioning us Amazon Web Services! We are happy to collaborate with you for this cloud banking and FinTech event. To all you guys in finance in the Netherlands there are some seats available. So be quick to register -> http://amzn.to/1AtgG8J Share 4 people like this.Angelique Schouten via Cloudtract   Check out the blog of my fabulous start up starter Michel Ko at Cloudtract His first experience with brainstorming... How to unlock the creative potential of brainstorming for your business Blog from the Startup Starter how to brainstorming can help unlock the creative potential for fresh business ideas, concepts, projects, campaigns and more. cloudtract.com Share Ineke Schouten likes this.Angelique Schouten shared Ohpen's photo.   9 juni organiseren wij samen met Amazon Web Services en PwC een event voor financiele instellingen. Onderwerp is The need for speed, adapting your business for scalable growth. Wil je zelf komen of weet je iemand voor wie dit relevant is? Je kunt je nu kosteloos inschrijven. Locatie: Kasteel Woerden. See Translation Ohpen After months preparing the launch of our event with AWS and PWC for you. Our team is happy to announce you that the registration is now open. We need you to mak...e this event about the Need for speed in the financial services industry meaningful and relevant for you . Register now: http://amzn.to/1AtgG8J See More Share 3 people like this.Angelique Schouten   Wat een onzin dat dit niet mag... See Translation Proefproces AppleWatch Community Like Page 405 Likes Share 2 people like this.Angelique Schouten via Cloudtract   Need your help: ever signed a contract with a supplier? Please fill in the 13 multiple choice questions. Thanks! Questionnaire Cloudtract Survey Cloudtract is a simple, safe and free online contract manager for companies worldwide. To get a clear picture of the needs of our future user, we are looking for your experience with managing (service) contracts - e. nl.surveymonkey.com Share"
