Cameron Burgess   Greeting the new day, and the start of another chapter in this unpredictable life.  traveling to San Francisco, California from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). 18 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 18 people like this. Remove Kerri Alenka Merrall Awesome shot! Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 4:58am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess   Living a life in transit. From family and love to family and love.  traveling to San Francisco, California from Brisbane International. SaveSaved Brisbane International Airport Terminal  Brisbane, Australia  4.0  11,655 were here 12 Likes3 Comments Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. Remove Susan Banhegyi Bye bye... See Translation Like  Reply  July 27 at 12:12pm Remove Jaala Mathewson Love you Cam safe travels back to san francisco and the next phase whatever that might be Jaalaxxxx Like  Reply  July 27 at 12:47pm Remove Jane Sleight-Leach Bugger! Next time Like  Reply  July 28 at 3:32pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess July 25 at 7:20pm  iOS  Hanging with Finn  at Dreamworld Australia. 16 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Mel Trebilcock Favourite men Like  Reply  1  July 26 at 5:42pm Remove Erica Potts Gosh, he looks nearly as old as you! smile emoticon Like  Reply  1  July 27 at 11:07pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess   My life can be so full at times that only tears can express all that moves within me.  at Mt Coot-tha Lookout. 21 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 21 people like this. Remove Alexis Jane Burns Dennehy Was particularly stunning this morning, I agree Like  Reply  July 26 at 5:51am Remove Dirk Sampselle Freaking gorgeous man!!! Cherish it!! Like  Reply  July 27 at 2:10am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess   This mirrors so much of my thinking and writing of late. The profound irony, that this writer so wisely sidesteps - and I am going to so foolishly walk into - is that if one were to suggest to the legion of women who articulate, propagate and perpetuate this myth of the Real Man that there was a corresponding Real Woman checklist that mapped to our juvenile masculine fantasy of the pornstar mother goddess there would be no internet large enough to hide from the vitriol in. Man or woman, if you have husbands, fathers, brothers lovers or sons, this may be worthy of reflection and discussion. Jeffrey Platts THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A REAL MAN. Every week I see another list or article titled something like How To Know If You're Dating A Real Man. Or I hear a w...oman on TV complaining that she wants to date a real man. Well, the sad truth is that he doesn't exist. I have no problem with the traits that these lists often describe. Strong. A sense of purpose. Loving. Emotionally aware. Patient listener. Great communicator. Respectful. Chivalrous. And then there are the more stereotypical traits like... Tattoos. Big biceps. Tall. Loves football. Big beards. Drinks beer, not martinis. Does ju-jitsu. Drives a fancy car. The cowboy. The quarterback. But having any of the above traits doesn't make them inherently more real than, or superior to, other men. It just means they are a man that has those traits. Using the term real man implies that a man who is doing or being otherwise is somehow a fake man. An imposter. A fraud. It allows space for a sense of shame, comparison and inferiority. And inherent in these definitions is the perpetuation of a cookie-cutter mold of masculinity. Even a conscious or evolved cookie-cutter mold is still a mold. And it's completely subjective, depending on who is doing the defining. The David Deida version of a real man might be different than the Oprah Magazine definition, which can be different than the Elite Daily definition. I know, because most of my life I've bounced around and exhausted myself trying to fit into those molds. Who is the archetypal man? Is Russell Brand more of a man than The Rock? Is Tom Brady more of a man than Prince? Is James Bond more of a man than Mr. Big? Is the personal trainer more of a man than the computer programmer? I'm sure you'll have your own reactions to those pairings. And I love the wide and ever-evolving spectrum of masculinity. But the truth is you are a man if you say you are. What kind of man you are is up for debate. What makes a good father? Boyfriend? Husband? Son? Citizen? What makes a conscious man? Loving man? Influential man? Those are great questions. But to debate if a man is real or not? Really? That's like writing an article called How To Know If Your Dog Is A Real Dog. Or How To Know If Your Baby Is A Real Baby. The work I do with my coaching clients is to undo the cultural patterns, pressures and expectations that men endure. Then, like Michelangelo carving David from a block of stone, we both discover and create the amazing man they already are. If you are a man reading this, just know that you are real. The only thing I care about is: Are you embracing and expressing the unique flavor of your own masculinity? That's the real question. See More 6 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Jeffrey Platts Great points, brother. Thank you for sharing, Cameron. Like  Reply  July 26 at 4:04am Remove Lorah Bea Bring on the pornstar mother goddess i say! Our souls need a good shaking up. In the meantime, hello ya all real people wink emoticon Like  Reply  Yesterday at 6:19pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess July 23 at 5:45pm  Mic  A worthy, articulate and intelligent response to a situation that urgently demands resolution in the USA. Actor Jesse Williams Just Destroyed the Racist Double Standard of Policing in America Tweeting the truth. By Mic 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess July 25 at 7:20pm  iOS  Hanging with Finn  at Dreamworld Australia. 16 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Mel Trebilcock Favourite men Like  Reply  1  July 26 at 5:42pm Remove Erica Potts Gosh, he looks nearly as old as you! smile emoticon Like  Reply  1  July 27 at 11:07pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess   My life can be so full at times that only tears can express all that moves within me.  at Mt Coot-tha Lookout. 21 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 21 people like this. Remove Alexis Jane Burns Dennehy Was particularly stunning this morning, I agree Like  Reply  July 26 at 5:51am Remove Dirk Sampselle Freaking gorgeous man!!! Cherish it!! Like  Reply  July 27 at 2:10am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess   This mirrors so much of my thinking and writing of late. The profound irony, that this writer so wisely sidesteps - and I am going to so foolishly walk into - is that if one were to suggest to the legion of women who articulate, propagate and perpetuate this myth of the Real Man that there was a corresponding Real Woman checklist that mapped to our juvenile masculine fantasy of the pornstar mother goddess there would be no internet large enough to hide from the vitriol in. Man or woman, if you have husbands, fathers, brothers lovers or sons, this may be worthy of reflection and discussion. Jeffrey Platts THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A REAL MAN. Every week I see another list or article titled something like How To Know If You're Dating A Real Man. Or I hear a w...oman on TV complaining that she wants to date a real man. Well, the sad truth is that he doesn't exist. I have no problem with the traits that these lists often describe. Strong. A sense of purpose. Loving. Emotionally aware. Patient listener. Great communicator. Respectful. Chivalrous. And then there are the more stereotypical traits like... Tattoos. Big biceps. Tall. Loves football. Big beards. Drinks beer, not martinis. Does ju-jitsu. Drives a fancy car. The cowboy. The quarterback. But having any of the above traits doesn't make them inherently more real than, or superior to, other men. It just means they are a man that has those traits. Using the term real man implies that a man who is doing or being otherwise is somehow a fake man. An imposter. A fraud. It allows space for a sense of shame, comparison and inferiority. And inherent in these definitions is the perpetuation of a cookie-cutter mold of masculinity. Even a conscious or evolved cookie-cutter mold is still a mold. And it's completely subjective, depending on who is doing the defining. The David Deida version of a real man might be different than the Oprah Magazine definition, which can be different than the Elite Daily definition. I know, because most of my life I've bounced around and exhausted myself trying to fit into those molds. Who is the archetypal man? Is Russell Brand more of a man than The Rock? Is Tom Brady more of a man than Prince? Is James Bond more of a man than Mr. Big? Is the personal trainer more of a man than the computer programmer? I'm sure you'll have your own reactions to those pairings. And I love the wide and ever-evolving spectrum of masculinity. But the truth is you are a man if you say you are. What kind of man you are is up for debate. What makes a good father? Boyfriend? Husband? Son? Citizen? What makes a conscious man? Loving man? Influential man? Those are great questions. But to debate if a man is real or not? Really? That's like writing an article called How To Know If Your Dog Is A Real Dog. Or How To Know If Your Baby Is A Real Baby. The work I do with my coaching clients is to undo the cultural patterns, pressures and expectations that men endure. Then, like Michelangelo carving David from a block of stone, we both discover and create the amazing man they already are. If you are a man reading this, just know that you are real. The only thing I care about is: Are you embracing and expressing the unique flavor of your own masculinity? That's the real question. See More 6 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Jeffrey Platts Great points, brother. Thank you for sharing, Cameron. Like  Reply  July 26 at 4:04am Remove Lorah Bea Bring on the pornstar mother goddess i say! Our souls need a good shaking up. In the meantime, hello ya all real people wink emoticon Like  Reply  Yesterday at 6:19pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Cameron Burgess July 23 at 5:45pm  Mic  A worthy, articulate and intelligent response to a situation that urgently demands resolution in the USA. Actor Jesse Williams Just Destroyed the Racist Double Standard of Policing in America Tweeting the truth. By Mic 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
