Chris Johns added 2 new photos.   Ok #Target stores, let's rethink the procedure here for broken card terminals. Twice in a week?? Hahaha!!!  with Shannon Tribble Johns. Share 6 people like this. Remove Dean Johns Too funny!! July 3 at 12:40am Remove KC Commander Remember the Pen15 club? 1  July 3 at 12:59am Remove Chris Johns sure do smile emoticon July 3 at 12:59am View more replies Remove April Farley Closson Tegan took that post it note off this morning and said 'that's just ridiculous!' 1  July 3 at 1:07am Remove Shannon Tribble Johns At least the first time they had a bigger space between pen and is. 2  July 3 at 2:51amChris Johns   Our Peachtree City location is finally up on FB..... like us please!! Ronald Sachs Violins PTC Musical Instrument Store Like Page 109 Likes 6 talking about this Share 11 people like this.Chris Johns June 13  The Huffington Post  Read this! Stop Defending Music Education Today I ran across one more xeroxed handout touting the test-taking benefits of music education, defending music as a great tool for raising test scores and making students smarter. huffingtonpost.com Share 4 people like this. 3 sharesChris Johns shared a campaign on GoFundMe. May 26  GoFundMe  Very sad to hear about my friend James Blalock's accident,... support if you can. Our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family. Click here to support James Blalock - Medical Fund by Tom Asphalt Edleston Good friends, riders, racers, and friends of James Blalock: Jamescrashed his motorcycleon Road Atlanta (a closed racing course) Memorial Day weekend and... GoFundMe Share 2 people like this. 1 share Remove Carrie Williams Jackson Oh man... So sorry to hear about this. frown emoticon May 27 at 4:02amChris Johns via Ronald Sachs Violins   You need to see these!! Speaking of Banjos........ 3 Beautiful Custom Banjos in stock! RSV Peachtree City now has 3 beautiful banjos in stock. Each instrument is one-off and custom made from hand and by parts of old and existing... ronaldsachsptc.com Share 3 people like this.Chris Johns   Happy Mothers Day to Elaine Johns. Im so thankful to be your first born son.  with Elaine Johns. Share 34 people like this. Remove Elaine Johns Love it!! And you too. Thanks!! 1  May 11 at 2:42am Remove Elaine Johns I think you beat your sisters!! 2  May 11 at 2:45am Remove Timothy Holley Happy Mother's Day!! May 11 at 3:24amChris Johns shared Shannon Tribble Johns's post.   Shannon Tribble Johns Atl peeps... A friend of mine has 1- 3 day pass to Shaky Knees this weekend he's trying to sell. Wilco is on Saturday plus a ton of other great artist (just not as great as Jeff Tweedy) if anyone is interested just PM me! ShareChris Johns shared Ronald Sachs Violins's photo.   Check it out! Ronald Sachs Violins Dear RSV Friends and Family, Something BIG is coming soon to an RSV near you!! Here's a little sneak peak into what's happening behind the scenes. We can't wait to share it with you! ShareChris Johns shared a campaign on GoFundMe. May 26  GoFundMe  Very sad to hear about my friend James Blalock's accident,... support if you can. Our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family. Click here to support James Blalock - Medical Fund by Tom Asphalt Edleston Good friends, riders, racers, and friends of James Blalock: Jamescrashed his motorcycleon Road Atlanta (a closed racing course) Memorial Day weekend and was injured badly. He was life flighted out from the track to a local emergency room. He is said to be in very bad shape, but alive. He has to... GoFundMe Share 2 people like this. 1 share Remove Carrie Williams Jackson Oh man... So sorry to hear about this. frown emoticon May 27 at 4:02amChris Johns via Ronald Sachs Violins   You need to see these!! Speaking of Banjos........ 3 Beautiful Custom Banjos in stock! RSV Peachtree City now has 3 beautiful banjos in stock. Each instrument is one-off and custom made from hand and by parts of old and existing... ronaldsachsptc.com Share 3 people like this.Chris Johns   Happy Mothers Day to Elaine Johns. Im so thankful to be your first born son.  with Elaine Johns. Share 34 people like this. Remove Elaine Johns Love it!! And you too. Thanks!! 1  May 11 at 2:42am Remove Elaine Johns I think you beat your sisters!! 2  May 11 at 2:45am Remove Timothy Holley Happy Mother's Day!! May 11 at 3:24amChris Johns shared Shannon Tribble Johns's post.   Shannon Tribble Johns Atl peeps... A friend of mine has 1- 3 day pass to Shaky Knees this weekend he's trying to sell. Wilco is on Saturday plus a ton of other great artist (just not as great as Jeff Tweedy) if anyone is interested just PM me! ShareChris Johns shared Ronald Sachs Violins's photo.   Check it out! Ronald Sachs Violins Dear RSV Friends and Family, Something BIG is coming soon to an RSV near you!! Here's a little sneak peak into what's happening behind the scenes. We can't wait to share it with you! ShareChris Johns changed his profile picture.   Share 47 people like this. Remove Rene Karonis love this!!!!!! January 28 at 10:58am Remove Anne Stevenson-Stohl Miss you all!! January 28 at 11:28am Remove Anne Marie Jacobs Great pic!! January 28 at 9:10pm Remove John Tabler Looks like all is well. We still miss you in Wilmington. January 30 at 8:38pm  1"
