Gem L Thompson   CAN.NOT.WAIT!!!!!! Zoolander 2 - Official Teaser Derek Zoolander is back in Zoolander 2. Coming to theaters 2016. http://Zoolander.com youtube.com 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson via The Book Eaters   Ooh, fantasy set in Dark Ages USA! You don't see that as a setting everyday! Dragonfly by Resa Nelson | thebookeaters.co.uk 21st Century Book Reviews, 3 Bite Books, 4 Bite Books, Fantasy, Historical Fiction, Independent Authors, Young Adult Dragonfly by Resa Nelson 2nd August 2015 GemBookEater Leave a comment Click here to get the eBook from AmazonThis story has quite an unusual setting. It is never spelt out but it seem thebookeaters.co.uk Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson shared a link.   6 reasons religion may do more harm than good It's hard to argue with some of these... salon.com|By Valerie Tarico 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson added 2 new photos.   Theo casually sitting under the table at dinner  with Nathan Goulbourne and Joanna Clarke-Jones at The East Coast Diner. 5 Likes Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson added 5 new photos.   More pics from today's journey to Sutton Hoo  with Nathan Goulbourne at Sutton Hoo. 6 Likes Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson   Theo trying to behead Nathan at Sutton Hoo - lucky those helmets protect the back of the neck!  with Joanna Clarke-Jones and Nathan Goulbourne. 16 Likes4 Comments Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Joanna Clarke-Jones Better luck next time, sonny boy x Like  Reply  1  August 1 at 9:41pm Remove Ross Whamond those saxons think of everything Like  Reply  August 1 at 11:38pm Remove Leigh McAlea Something a bit French about this..... Like  Reply  Yesterday at 1:24am Remove Sean Minns Quite a swipe he has on him -:). xx Like  Reply  21 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson August 1 at 12:42pm  Melton, United Kingdom  Theo trying to chop off Nathan's head at Sutton Hoo! Thank goodness that Helmet has a protective plate at the back! 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Daisy Cooper likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson   Arrived at Ipswich to pick up Nathan and Theo despite loads of animals trying to stop me! Shame Joanna can't be with us too x 4 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Remove Joanna Clarke-Jones Thanks Gem. Have fun without me, all of you x Like  Reply  1  July 31 at 8:07pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson shared a link.   6 reasons religion may do more harm than good It's hard to argue with some of these... salon.com|By Valerie Tarico 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson added 2 new photos.   Theo casually sitting under the table at dinner  with Nathan Goulbourne and Joanna Clarke-Jones at The East Coast Diner. 5 Likes Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson added 5 new photos.   More pics from today's journey to Sutton Hoo  with Nathan Goulbourne at Sutton Hoo. 6 Likes Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson   Theo trying to behead Nathan at Sutton Hoo - lucky those helmets protect the back of the neck!  with Joanna Clarke-Jones and Nathan Goulbourne. 16 Likes4 Comments Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Joanna Clarke-Jones Better luck next time, sonny boy x Like  Reply  1  August 1 at 9:41pm Remove Ross Whamond those saxons think of everything Like  Reply  August 1 at 11:38pm Remove Leigh McAlea Something a bit French about this..... Like  Reply  Yesterday at 1:24am Remove Sean Minns Quite a swipe he has on him -:). xx Like  Reply  21 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson August 1 at 12:42pm  Melton, United Kingdom  Theo trying to chop off Nathan's head at Sutton Hoo! Thank goodness that Helmet has a protective plate at the back! 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Daisy Cooper likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gem L Thompson   Arrived at Ipswich to pick up Nathan and Theo despite loads of animals trying to stop me! Shame Joanna can't be with us too x 4 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Remove Joanna Clarke-Jones Thanks Gem. Have fun without me, all of you x Like  Reply  1  July 31 at 8:07pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
