Nicole Torres-Cooke   A perfect evening.... champagne, succulent dinner and bday dessert, after party cocktails, great company - all under a big spectacular full moon.  with Lise Renee Lucci at The Domain. SaveSaved The Domain Shopping Mall  Austin, TX, United States  4.5  139,764 were here 5 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Remove Romeo Mayorga Awww wish I was there Like  Reply   Remove Ted Simpson Did you get together with gal from outta town? Like  Reply  3 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke 10 hrs  Austin, TX, United States  Having a SINFUL EXPERIENCE with my secret love  drinking du champagne cristal with Lise Renee Lucci. 12 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. Remove Laura Paredes-Caffey It ain't a secret anymore. Like  Reply  1  10 hrs Remove Nicole Torres-Cooke Lol. Ya. Never has been Like  Reply  1  9 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   Oh, Happy Humpday Camel.... you know who you are. 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   Finallllllly done working today. Late dinner then off to bed. Early morning calling my name. 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke shared Austin Builder Guide's photo.   Free MCE and lunch. Compliments of KB Home. See you there! Austin Builder Guide KB Home - Free MCE Course at Mason Hills - Enjoy a Catered Lunch! RSVP here: http://www.ibuilderguide.com/austin/eblast/kbhome/mce730.htm #REALTOR Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via The Austinot   How awesome that I'm friends with 3 of these talented folks?! 5 Noteworthy Austin Latino Artists to See Live Austin rightfully prides itself on its community of musicial artists and their diversity. These 5 Latino artists all put on unforgettable performances. austinot.com|By Guest Blogger Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via Schmooze Networking   To all my artist friends out there - Join me at the Lost Pines Regional Arts Conference. I'll be teaching a different social media class for artists each day. #LostPinesArt #Bastrop #Art #socialmedia Lost Pines Regional Arts Conference Learning Art Together lostpinesregionalartsconference.com 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via Austin Food Magazine   How amazing does this look? Dallas Food Tour | Blind Butcher Blind Butcher is the perfect spot to experience the Dallas version of a modern gastropub with a casual atmosphere, complete with a seasonal butcher-designed menu. austinfoodmagazine.com|By Hayden Mike Walker 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Betty Quinonez Banda likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   Oh, Happy Humpday Camel.... you know who you are. 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   Finallllllly done working today. Late dinner then off to bed. Early morning calling my name. 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke shared Austin Builder Guide's photo.   Free MCE and lunch. Compliments of KB Home. See you there! Austin Builder Guide KB Home - Free MCE Course at Mason Hills - Enjoy a Catered Lunch! RSVP here: http://www.ibuilderguide.com/austin/eblast/kbhome/mce730.htm #REALTOR Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via The Austinot   How awesome that I'm friends with 3 of these talented folks?! 5 Noteworthy Austin Latino Artists to See Live Austin rightfully prides itself on its community of musicial artists and their diversity. These 5 Latino artists all put on unforgettable performances. austinot.com|By Guest Blogger Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via Schmooze Networking   To all my artist friends out there - Join me at the Lost Pines Regional Arts Conference. I'll be teaching a different social media class for artists each day. #LostPinesArt #Bastrop #Art #socialmedia Lost Pines Regional Arts Conference Learning Art Together lostpinesregionalartsconference.com 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via Austin Food Magazine   How amazing does this look? Dallas Food Tour | Blind Butcher Blind Butcher is the perfect spot to experience the Dallas version of a modern gastropub with a casual atmosphere, complete with a seasonal butcher-designed menu. austinfoodmagazine.com|By Hayden Mike Walker 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Betty Quinonez Banda likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   Crazy end to the month. Bday week was busy with lots of events, then had my kiddo move back in til she gets her new apt. Did two events in SA on two different dates and now playing catch up. So behind on write ups, but am excited at ALL the opportunities that have come my way recently! I AM STOKED! 10 Likes Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via The KVUE Insider   Another reason to hate cilantro FDA: Cyclospora outbreak linked to cilantro from Mexico The FDA have placed a partial import ban on cilantro from the state of Puebla, Mexico in response to the report published Monday. kvue.com 2 Likes7 Comments Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. View 3 more comments Remove Virginia Esparza You know, there is a facebook page called, I HATE CILANTRO. Just saying, we are not alone. Like  Reply  2  July 29 at 1:08am Remove ILonka Margis Cilantro should be banned. Like  Reply  1  July 29 at 1:39am Remove Kelly Carroll Wilde I LOVE cilantro!! Like  Reply  1  July 29 at 3:22am Remove Liz Carrillo frown emoticon i love it too! Like  Reply  July 29 at 6:08am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke changed her profile picture.   9 Likes Like  Comment  Share 9 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   I'm starting to see Back to School commercials and ads. When DOES school start again? 3 Likes7 Comments Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. View 3 more comments Remove Natalie Roberts 8/24 for Eanes Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 11:31am Remove Anthony Johnson Aug 24th for me Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 11:38am Remove Virginia Esparza School only starts in 4 short weeks. I am glad they advertise early, so parents can save $$$ and slowly aquire the supplies, clothes, and stuff for sports & band that the kid or kids might need. Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 1:47pm Remove Richard Amador Yesterday for Tyler-- Wayside Charter, next week for IDEA and KIPP Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 8:02pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   Crazy end to the month. Bday week was busy with lots of events, then had my kiddo move back in til she gets her new apt. Did two events in SA on two different dates and now playing catch up. So behind on write ups, but am excited at ALL the opportunities that have come my way recently! I AM STOKED! 10 Likes Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke via The KVUE Insider   Another reason to hate cilantro FDA: Cyclospora outbreak linked to cilantro from Mexico The FDA have placed a partial import ban on cilantro from the state of Puebla, Mexico in response to the report published Monday. kvue.com 2 Likes7 Comments Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. View 3 more comments Remove Virginia Esparza You know, there is a facebook page called, I HATE CILANTRO. Just saying, we are not alone. Like  Reply  2  July 29 at 1:08am Remove ILonka Margis Cilantro should be banned. Like  Reply  1  July 29 at 1:39am Remove Kelly Carroll Wilde I LOVE cilantro!! Like  Reply  1  July 29 at 3:22am Remove Liz Carrillo frown emoticon i love it too! Like  Reply  July 29 at 6:08am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke changed her profile picture.   9 Likes Like  Comment  Share 9 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Nicole Torres-Cooke   I'm starting to see Back to School commercials and ads. When DOES school start again? 3 Likes7 Comments Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. View 3 more comments Remove Natalie Roberts 8/24 for Eanes Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 11:31am Remove Anthony Johnson Aug 24th for me Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 11:38am Remove Virginia Esparza School only starts in 4 short weeks. I am glad they advertise early, so parents can save $$$ and slowly aquire the supplies, clothes, and stuff for sports & band that the kid or kids might need. Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 1:47pm Remove Richard Amador Yesterday for Tyler-- Wayside Charter, next week for IDEA and KIPP Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 8:02pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
