James V Jackson II shared a group.   Black Professional Restaurant Chefs & Catering Join Group Public Group 3,580 Members 1 Like Like  Share Keysha Bass likes this.James V Jackson II   This is why I'm pro gun...law.. no matter what race.. You got ignorant people in all races. What if there where children with their parents. Got to protect yourself and family. .. .. Stay locked and loaded.. [Video] White supremacist shot and killed in attempted racist attack on Black man at Waffle... Ft. Myers, Florida A group of drunk racist white men entered a Fort Myers, Florida Waffle House restaurant and began hurling racial slurs at two men sitting at the... bayareaintifada.wordpress.com 14 Likes3 Comments15 Shares Like  Share 14 people like this. 15 shares Remove Gary Falkenburg Happy to see this guy protecting himself and taking out the white supremist! Like  2   Remove James V Jackson II Me too White, Black, or Brown whatever color.. Not to happy about the title of the article or video.. to me it's irrelevant. .. but the media like this to stir the pot. ..smh unless the had solid proof that he was one. Who knows. ... Like  2  10 hrs Remove Kyle Struebing Good. Licensed to carry, let the guys know he was carrying, defended himself. Not that it matters but how do they know he's a white supremacist? Seems to give the guy too much credit. The video quality is not the best but i didnt see any swastika tatts or anything. Seems like a drunk rascist prick who got what he deserved to me. Like  9 hrs Remove James V Jackson II Right they want rating Like  6 hrs Remove Henry White II Stand you ground law in Florida. Like  6 hrsJames V Jackson II shared a link.   Just Do It by Art Williams http://www.staffordtechnologies.net Visit us for all your web and computer needs. Stafford Technologies is a complete web development company and a complete ... youtube.com 1 Like1 Comment Like  Share Keysha Bass likes this. Remove Keysha Bass my favorite! Like  2 hrsJames V Jackson II shared a link.   Hard Times  Motivational Video 2015 SUBSCRIBE FOR More MOTIVATIONAL Videos HERE  http://goo.gl/D2SZV3 Facebook Motivation  http://facebook.com/MotivationDays Twitter Motivation  https://twi... youtube.com 1 Like Like  Share Robert Anderson likes this.James V Jackson II shared a link. July 27 at 6:25pm  The Huffington Post  Sandra Bland's Arrest Was So Messed Up, Even Fox News Sees It Larry Wilmore of The Nightly Show found himself in strange territory Thursday: agreeing with Fox News. huffingtonpost.com 7 Likes Like  Share 7 people like this.James V Jackson II shared a page.   DFW Black Professionals Online Advertising Service Like Page 2,005 Likes 31 talking about this 1 Comment Like  Share Remove Keysha Bass Wilhemenia Cupit check this out Like  2 hrs"
