Julia Lee Simens added 4 new photos.   Grant, Kevin and I took a hike up Mount Rose to have Blue Moons as we watched the blue moon come up over the mountain ridge. 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Julia Lee Simens shared a link.   Welcome to Hot August Nights Hot August Nights is the largest classic car and nostalgia event in the United States with venues spread across the Reno, Sparks and Lake Tahoe areas. hotaugustnights.net|By teamKraftt Like  ShareJulia Lee Simens 14 hrs  Contest  Why not return to Indo - for fun! WIN A SAILING TRIP OF A LIFETIME! Click the image to participate and get a chance to win a 12 day sailing trip with Sea Trek through eastern parts of Indonesia! apps.facebook.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Julia Lee Simens shared Ricky Gervais's photo.   Ricky Gervais Take a picture, not a trophy. This is how real men shoot animals... 29 Likes Like  Share 29 people like this.Julia Lee Simens   Marriage still intact - last picture hung! 47 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 47 people like this. Remove Terri Loflin Tasker Hanging pictures or putting something together should part of the pre-marital counseling activities. smile emoticon Like  2  Yesterday at 5:43am Remove DeeAnne Bates McFarland WHEW...!!!! Like  Yesterday at 9:32amJulia Lee Simens   Imagine all the things our global friends also go through to get their child a passport - On How the US Passport Offices Failures Will Help Your Business Im in the process (a process now more than six weeks old) of getting my daughter a passport, so I can take her on vacat medium.com|By Peter Shankman 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Julia Lee Simens 14 hrs  Contest  Why not return to Indo - for fun! WIN A SAILING TRIP OF A LIFETIME! Click the image to participate and get a chance to win a 12 day sailing trip with Sea Trek through eastern parts of Indonesia! apps.facebook.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Julia Lee Simens shared Ricky Gervais's photo.   Ricky Gervais Take a picture, not a trophy. This is how real men shoot animals... 29 Likes Like  Share 29 people like this.Julia Lee Simens   Marriage still intact - last picture hung! 47 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 47 people like this. Remove Terri Loflin Tasker Hanging pictures or putting something together should part of the pre-marital counseling activities. smile emoticon Like  2  Yesterday at 5:43am Remove DeeAnne Bates McFarland WHEW...!!!! Like  Yesterday at 9:32amJulia Lee Simens   Imagine all the things our global friends also go through to get their child a passport - On How the US Passport Offices Failures Will Help Your Business Im in the process (a process now more than six weeks old) of getting my daughter a passport, so I can take her on vacat medium.com|By Peter Shankman 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this."
