James Trageser   #HappyFathersDay #FathersDay Happy Fathers Day To All Of The Dads out there! instagram Sammy Armenta on Instagram: # Happy #FathersDay to all my #Friends and #Family have a great day 3 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 1 share Remove James Trageser Joe Lapinski Like  Reply   at 10:54pm Remove Lisa Beers So your Dad you appreciate him and buy him a one of a kind Xbox One or PS4 controller. http://sincitymodz.com/ Like  Reply  June 22 at 8:00am  Edited Remove Joe Lapinski Like  Reply  June 22 at 8:28am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.James Trageser   #Taurus Monthly #Horoscope for 15 Many moneymaking opportunities could appear early in the month, especially around the June 2 Full Moon. Income might improve, too. At first you may feel that you're benefiting others more than yourself. Go slowly and be willing to keep up any extra effort. Money is again a big motivator, especially after the New Moon on June 16. You have endless energy and can make great progress. Just don't drive yourself crazy or alienate frie...nds. Talk with someone older and wiser if you feel you're getting manic. Love takes on some extra flash and sizzle when Venus trines Uranus on June 28. Love - Romantic Taurus natives are known for their stubbornness in all things, including love. But if you're not careful, that could mean prolonging a partnership that's past its expiration date. On the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd, try not to let your temper rule. Your partner may not be playing fair, so it's best to take a time out and get calm before saying something you may regret later. The 8th and 9th may bring up old relationship hurts from the past, so make sure you're not blaming your current love for things that happened years ago. Spending a little quiet time allows you to let it go before it can harm you. On the 13th and 14th, you and your love are back on the same page again. Getting together for some serious couple time lets you relax and just be yourselves without worrying about being judged. However, the 18th asks that you speak your truth in relationship matters. You can't hide what you really feel anymore. Just find a diplomatic way to get it out there, and everything should be okay. The 24th and 25th offer a time for discussions about common partnership topics, including money. Make sure you come clean about any debt you have before taking the plunge. <br> Business - Money June is the opportune month for a little strategic risk-taking and if anyone resonates with the word 'strategic' that would be you. The 12th is a lucky day and tactical in light of talking to someone again or re-asking a favor or question. Although a weekend, the 13th is lucky if you are job-hunting. Take the opportunity to see what is out there. If you've delegated projects, or are depending on other's commitment for your own deadline, on the 15th and 16th check in and ensure they are on schedule and in sync. Heads up if your direct questions do not receive direct answers. The accent is on communication beginning June 21. Utilize your talent for writing to inspire other's action and to get your message across. Create your outline, and if you need it welcome added assertiveness on the 24th (available through mid-July, by the way) to help you on your adventurous and courageous path now. July is for freeing yourself from old patterns. Thoughts may have already begun to surface more and more that you don't like what you are doing and here, perhaps, they aren't new. It is just that now it bothers you enough to consider other options. That's smart! See More  feeling ready. 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.James Trageser shared Mavi Kocaeli's video.   I'm putting this on my bucket list... Go to the local Chevy dealer and take a nice muscle car for a test drive just like this guy does.... #LMAO #LOL #PRANK #JOKE #FUNNY #HUMOR 0:00/3:20 Watch Later 14,621,940 Views Mavi Kocaeli uploaded a new video. CRAZY JOKE!!!!! Pepsi Test Drive #Joke #Pepsi #LA 5 Likes Like  Comment  Share 5 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
