Laura Mikulski   Picked this super cool chair out of the trash today- turns out it's Dux of Sweden, and actually worth a little bit of cash if we fix the upholstery and clean it up, at least according to ebay. http://m.ebay.com//Dux-of-Sweden-Walnut-1950/261686728599  with Ben Wojdyla. 17 Likes5 Comments Like  Comment  Share 17 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Sean Evans LOVE! Like  Reply  July 13 at 9:56am Remove Sean Evans You know.....I have some knoll fabric that might look nice with that. Let me dig it out and show you. It may be too geometric. Like  Reply  July 13 at 9:58am Remove Mary Wojdyla We left a little too soon. Looks like a good acquisition. Like  Reply  July 14 at 12:11am Remove Ben Wojdyla Funny enough Mom, we found this about an hour after you two left and only by a staggeringly improbable accident of driving route. Like  Reply  July 14 at 12:26am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski   WOW is down, again. Time to change the DNS- others with WOW service might want to do this too. Get Started Get Started Configure your network settings to use Google Public DNS When you use Google Public DNS, you are changing your DNS switchboard operator from your ISP to Google Public DNS. In most cases, the IP addresses used by your ISP's domain name servers are automatically set by your ISP via the D developers.google.com 2 Likes3 Comments Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Ben Wojdyla 8.8.8.8 Worked like a charm after almost 24 hours of down time. Like  Reply  July 13 at 6:24am Remove Scott Burgess It's working now. We thought about the 8.8.8.8 and it started working again Like  Reply  1  July 13 at 7:15am Remove Richard Truett THANK YOU!!!!! Like  Reply  July 13 at 10:35am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski   A possible farmer's market near Seminole Hills? That would be amazing. #pontiac Mr. Stephens' neighborhood: Re-envisioning 8 boarded-up Pontiac schools Eight unused Pontiac school buildings, under new ownership, could become anything from residential developments to a farmers' market. crainsdetroit.com 4 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Remove Eve R. Pickman That's not far from me either, about the same distance as the Oakland Co Farmers Mkt. Like  Reply  July 10 at 5:19am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski shared Pontiac's District Two Advisory Group's photo.   Seminole Hills Historic District / Pontiac District 2 picnic this Saturday Goldner Walsh Garden & Home! #betterpontiac Pontiac's District Two Advisory GroupPontiac District Two Picnic Look for signs in the neighborhood soon! And yes, Michelle, thank you. 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski shared Esther Klein's video.   0:00/0:10 Watch Later 59 Views Esther Klein uploaded a new video. Hi, I have 4, 3 week old female chicks for sale. Also have a big bag of purine medicated chick starter, a heat lamp and wood shavings that come with the chicks. Must go together. Please PM me if interested. Thanks! Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski July 5 at 7:25pm  Ferndale, MI, United States  Ben Wojdyla wanted to spruce up the Seminole Hills sign in front of our house. Now the question is: should we paint the rest of the wood, and if so, what color? 27 Likes10 Comments2 Shares Like  Comment  Share 27 people like this. 2 shares View 6 more comments Remove Sabrina Dinkha Looks good! Like  Reply  July 6 at 9:35am Remove Vikki Stenstream Burgess This is awesome! If you paint the non-painted areas, it's got to be black or super dark brown. Now, how many people asked what you were doing while you painted? Like  Reply  1  July 6 at 10:36am Linda Mikulski replied  2 Replies Remove Suzanne Janik Woooo Vigilante Sign Painting! Like  Reply  July 6 at 11:32am Remove Ben Wojdyla Just for giggles, here's what the sign and island looked like just after we bought the house last fall. Our house is on the left, complete with then-ghetto front steps. Like  Reply  1  July 6 at 1:14pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski added 2 new photos. July 4 at 6:44pm  Ferndale, MI, United States  Not too shabby for 2 days of work. 7 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Remove Devria St Aubin Amazing for 2 days work. Like  Reply  July 5 at 8:07am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Laura Mikulski July 4 at 2:25pm  Pontiac, MI, United States  The difference between newly painted and old paint is amazing.  with Ben Wojdyla. 6 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Ben Wojdyla The difference between no brackets and all brackets is pretty amazing too. Like  Reply  July 5 at 6:02am Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
