Matt Chandler updated his cover photo.   Share 24 people like this.Matt Chandler added 272 new photos to the album: Celebrating Violet.    We were honored to spend the day with good friends celebrating the life of Violet Watson. #celebrateviolet  with Ashley Powell. +268 Share 14 people like this. 2 shares Remove Amy Robinson Allen Great job, Matt! July 1 at 6:44am Remove Melissa Martin Matt, these are absolutely fantastic! So thankful for your family. smile emoticon 2  July 1 at 7:46am Remove Jillian Watson Man. I don't think we will ever be able to thank you enough for capturing these moments from Violet's celebration. I love every single one!!! Thanks to you, Calley and your kiddos for serving our family in this way! Love you guys!! 2  July 1 at 7:55amMatt Chandler April 22  Indiegogo  Friends, Freeset is an organization I've been honored to serve, and this is a huge opportunity to help expand the ways they serve women and girls oppressed by sex slavery in Kolkata, India. Your contribution makes a difference. CLICK HERE to support Freeset: Freedom Starts Here Make a difference in the lives of women and girls oppressed by sex slavery. | Crowdfunding is a democratic way to support the fundraising needs of your community. Make a contribution today! indiegogo.com Share 3 people like this.Matt Chandler   Hey, creativestake a lesson from my friend Neil Smith: even once you've achieved success, never stop developing your craft. Neil amazes mehe's probably the most prolific artist I know who's always working on a side project to teach himself something new. (And when he does, it turns out awesome and lands on Boing Boing.) My favorite line from his behind-the-scenes blog entry? Im praying for grace and forgiveness from [NASA's] space lawyers. Who isn't? Video: Every single NASA Apollo mission patch ever, animated Every single mission patch from NASA's manned moon missions, animated. So cool. boingboing.net Share 9 people like this.Matt Chandler shared OCEAN's video.   We just had the privilege of interviewing an amazing Israeli woman named Adi Altschuler, a #startup founder and social entrepreneur with Google who was recently named one of Time Magazine's Next Generation Leaders. I loved her perspective on how the combination of business innovation and faith can make the world a better and more peaceful place. 0:00/5:34 Watch Later 3,391 Views OCEAN uploaded a new video. It's a time of remembrance today as we celebrate #Passover and #GoodFriday. In this video, Adi Altschuler of Israel, a #socialentrepreneur with Google ...and one of Time Magazine's Next Generation Leaders, celebrates the artistry of God colored by his creations--each of us. She also explains how #OCEANAccel as a #startup accelerator is a place of God's creation, where everyone comes together to paint a new and better picture of the world. See the bright picture of OCEAN yourself at the first Demo Day April 29, 1pm, Crossroads Oakley. oceanaccelerator.com/demoday #OCEANdemo See More Share Tim Metzner likes this.Matt Chandler shared a project on Kickstarter. March 22  Kickstarter  My good friend Chris Sutton and the team at Noble Denim have just launched a new business to make high-quality, US-made, responsibly sourced organic athletic wear available at reasonable prices. I am excited about this. I'm even more excited about the WHY and the HOW they are doing it. (Watch the video.) Please join me in supporting them and helping us launch Victor together! Victor Athletics: A responsible, USA made clothing company Kickstarter Share 3 people like this.Matt Chandler   I really enjoyed meeting Bob and the team at Rhinegeist when we made this video. I also (really!) enjoyed a few Truth IPAs after we packed up our gear.  with Jeffrey Chandler and Ryan Beljan at Rhinegeist. #StartupCincy: Rhinegeist vimeo.com|By 805Creative Share 11 people like this. Remove Susan Penick A few? Hope you weren't driving....LOL! Love that stuff March 21 at 12:04am  1 Remove Jennie Chacon This is awesome Matt. Next you can interview Dennis when he opens smile emoticon March 21 at 10:30am  3 Remove Matt Chandler Thanks, Jennie! I'm excited to help Dennis in any way we can! March 21 at 12:01pmPlaces  2015 Visited 2 Places Report Matt Chandler was at Rhinegeist and 1 other place. See All Stories"
