Michael Carcaise March 8  Maurepas, Yvelines  One snap from many I took today. The world champ warming up for his Paris-Nice prologue. Share 10 people like this.Michael Carcaise   Because maybe this French museum has some Italian high renaissance  at Muse du Louvre. Share 13 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Ray Curley Mike Denice and I were just there in November. Be safe have a good time! We then went to Amsterdam and gads ball. Hope all is well. March 7 at 3:45am Remove Brenda Leonhardt My favorite small museum .... Most beautiful room to eat lunch in Une belle musee Enjoy March 7 at 4:04am Remove Beth Carcaise Beautiful. Have fun!! March 7 at 4:18am Remove Mary Bisceglia Love this museum. Enjoy! March 7 at 11:56amMichael Carcaise   Lovely day at Heafrow, innit?  at Terminal 5 London Heathrow Airport (LHR). SaveSaved Terminal 5 London Heathrow Airport (LHR) Airport Terminal  Heathrow, United Kingdom  4.1  1,609,690 were here Share 13 people like this.Michael Carcaise shared a link.    Mardi Gras Race Week at New Orleans Yacht Club Supports Sails for Sustenance ProgramNOYC.org Mardi Gras Race Week (MGRW) sponsored by Gulf Coast Bank & Trust and hosted by New Orleans Yacht Club is schedule for March 6-9 and March 14-15. MGRWs Committee is pleased to announce that it will be supporting the Sails for Sustenance Program. This unique program accepts donations of used sails fr noyc.org Share Jennifer Fishe likes this.Michael Carcaise February 18  BizWest Voting  Vote here for Mike Laszlo to be on the cover of the 40 under 40 issue Michael Laszlo LaszloLawAttorney Michael Laszlo ShareMichael Carcaise shared Sails for Sustenance's photo.   Sails for Sustenance Allen Carter, director of SFS in Chicago, and Ken Read at the North Sails Midwest party last week. Allen spoke to a crowd of supporters about the impact of thei...r donated sails in Haiti. Ken Read talked about the latest amazing developments in his Comanche maxi-yacht program, what's to come with the America's Cup, and the Volvo Ocean Race. See More Share Kathryn Snider likes this.Michael Carcaise shared Ray Thackeray's photo.   Ray ThackeraySails for Sustenance A picture we took from Thunderbird 5 at International Rescue Group while we were distributing the sails donated by SFS! Share Joyce Carcaise likes this.Michael Carcaise   Ken Read / Ken Read, one of the all-time greatest American sailors, will speak tonight at #NorthSails #Chicago, an event benefiting Sails for Sustenance ... #sailing #haiti Winter Wednesday Beer Can Bash to Benefit Sails for Sustenance - Sails for Sustenance Loading Map.... North Sails Lofts1665 N Elston Ave - ChicagoEvents 41.9125411 -87.66291790000002... www.sfschicago.org Share 3 people like this. Remove Mike Carcaise that is awesome ! January 29 at 1:21am"
