Sandhya Sekar   Does cordoning off a reef from fishing protect it from disease, too? In other words, do fishing, reef injury and reef disease go hand in hand? http://news.mongabay.com//07/does-fishing-make-corals-sick/ Does fishing make corals sick? Coral reefs, teeming with life, are home to vibrant fish communities  which makes them extremely attractive places to go fishing. However, fishing... news.mongabay.com 8 Likes1 Comment1 Share Like  Share 8 people like this. 1 share Remove Rucha Karkarey nice one Sandhya! Like  July 21 at 8:35pmSandhya Sekar shared Chemistry's album.   Simply superb. Beautiful illustrations of the elements of the periodic table! +101 Chemistry added 104 new photos to the album: Element Facts .... These photos belong to artist Kaycie D. Here is a link to her site where you can find the original images on the artist site http://kcd-elements.tumblr.com/ 5 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 5 people like this. Remove Sathya Kalyan Wish someone could have taught periodic table like this great Like  July 19 at 8:30pm Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar Superb!! Like  July 19 at 9:17pmSandhya Sekar shared AsapSCIENCE's photo.   AsapSCIENCE Your science horoscope of the day. 24 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 24 people like this. Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar Good one! Like  1  July 13 at 3:03pm Remove Ingmar Lee this is pretty dogmatic, -smacks of the fanaticism of Scientism...surely the various batches of matter moving through space and time will have gravitational and trajectory influences on other batches of matter, no? But I'm no scientist, so what do I know... Like  July 13 at 9:46pm Remove Sandhya Sekar Yes but not on whether you'll find your true love on that day smile emoticon Like  1  July 13 at 10:45pm View more replies Remove Ingmar Lee Yeah, that's stretch...nevertheless the idea that science has got all the answers, or is The Way to all the answers sounds very religious to me... Like  1  July 13 at 11:27pmSandhya Sekar   Edited  An old piece of news (from 2009), but worrying nonetheless. Normal rain does not mean the water tables are being recharged normally. Human activity in NW India has been using up water at a faster rate than the groundwater can replenish. How worrying frown emoticon I am also wondering how much rainwater harvesting methods can help, and whether they are being implemented? NASA - NASA Satellites Unlock Secret to Northern India's Vanishing Water Groundwater beneath northern Indias farms and cities has been disappearing. Hydrologists, like NASA's Matt Rodell, have been hunting for it. nasa.gov 12 Likes2 Comments16 Shares Like  Share 12 people like this. 16 shares Remove Prateek Sharma The red mosaic at its most dense lies around NCR where the concept of rainwater harvesting per se is missing, as one might find the case in Bangalore or Chennai. Apart from that, recharging the aquifers and increasing the porosity of land to allow the ...See More Like  July 13 at 6:04pm Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar frown emoticon Like  July 13 at 6:24pmSandhya Sekar   Edited  My latest for New Scientist, on cushion-like plants that transform ecosystems in high altitudes. Different from my regular beat, but still found it interesting! Tagging my plant-y friends Joyshree Navendu Siddharth Geetha Cushion plants harbour tiny mountain worlds inside Turtle-shaped cushion plants dominate the otherwise barren rocks high up in the mountains, and within each one is a unique and diverse ecosystem newscientist.com 30 Likes10 Comments Like  Share 30 people like this. View 6 more comments Remove Geetha Ramaswami Hey, I qualify as a planty friend too unsure emoticon Like  2  July 10 at 4:12pm Remove Sandhya Sekar grin emoticon thought you'd be in visa mode so left you out! Amended tongue emoticon Like  2  July 10 at 5:33pm View more replies Remove Sajid Idrisi Good to know. Nice article like emoticon Like  July 10 at 11:11pm Remove Navendu Page Nice article Sands...they reminds of certain kinds of corals which also have their own unique microecosystems. Thank you for sharing Like  July 11 at 1:42pm Remove Jayabharathy Ranganathan Sandhya: https://www.newscientist.com/.../mg22730301-900-cushion.../ version suggests on a scale of 1-10 for cool life forms - 15 for being coldest/hottest smile emoticon Nice writing! Cushion plants harbour tiny mountain worlds inside - New Scientist Turtle-shaped cushion plants dominate the otherwise barren rocks high up in the mountains, and within each one is a unique and diverse ecosystem newscientist.com Like  July 18 at 9:52pmSandhya Sekar   Just loved this story smile emoticon 80 - With props and accessories, she indulged her fantasies at a photo studio - Indian Memory... Image and Text contributed by Sunita Kripalani, Goa In 1947, after partition, when my grandfather Nanikram Goklani and his wife Khemi migrated to India, along with... indianmemoryproject.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Sandhya Sekar June 29  The Atlantic  Just as some individuals are smarter than others, some groups are smarter than other. And these smart groups have one common factor: women. Ha. The Secret to Smart Groups: It's Women Women are better than men at knowing what other people are thinking, and that carries huge advantages in team settings www.theatlantic.com 12 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 12 people like this. Remove Sandhya Sekar What say, Madhurima Sudhira Krishna tongue emoticon Like  2  June 29 at 10:42pmSandhya Sekar changed her profile picture.   Edited  First snow Lincoln, Lincolnshire smile emoticon Thanks Tati for the photo! 90 Likes9 Comments Like  Share 90 people like this. View 5 more comments Remove Elonore Giraud O memories wink emoticon Like  1  June 29 at 1:23am Remove Tati Infraganti Aawww.. So good memories!! I remember we walked around there out there all excited for a few hour taking pictures...and how after a few weeks of snow we hated it xD How are you doing? Like  1  June 29 at 2:22pm Remove Sandhya Sekar Me good! How about you? You seem to have had a fun weekend! xx Like  June 29 at 2:36pm Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar too much!! reached Bangalore? Like  June 30 at 1:27am Remove Sandhya Sekar Yeah smile emoticon on the way to Kemmanagundi now, near Chikkamagalur. Will see Belur/Halebeed architectural sites on the way! Like  June 30 at 9:57am Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar Great! Have fun!! Like  June 30 at 4:25pmSandhya Sekar   Edited  My latest for New Scientist, on cushion-like plants that transform ecosystems in high altitudes. Different from my regular beat, but still found it interesting! Tagging my plant-y friends Joyshree Navendu Siddharth Geetha Cushion plants harbour tiny mountain worlds inside Turtle-shaped cushion plants dominate the otherwise barren rocks high up in the mountains, and within each one is a unique and diverse ecosystem newscientist.com 30 Likes10 Comments Like  Share 30 people like this. View 6 more comments Remove Geetha Ramaswami Hey, I qualify as a planty friend too unsure emoticon Like  2  July 10 at 4:12pm Remove Sandhya Sekar grin emoticon thought you'd be in visa mode so left you out! Amended tongue emoticon Like  2  July 10 at 5:33pm View more replies Remove Sajid Idrisi Good to know. Nice article like emoticon Like  July 10 at 11:11pm Remove Navendu Page Nice article Sands...they reminds of certain kinds of corals which also have their own unique microecosystems. Thank you for sharing Like  July 11 at 1:42pm Remove Jayabharathy Ranganathan Sandhya: https://www.newscientist.com/.../mg22730301-900-cushion.../ version suggests on a scale of 1-10 for cool life forms - 15 for being coldest/hottest smile emoticon Nice writing! Cushion plants harbour tiny mountain worlds inside - New Scientist Turtle-shaped cushion plants dominate the otherwise barren rocks high up in the mountains, and within each one is a unique and diverse ecosystem newscientist.com Like  July 18 at 9:52pmSandhya Sekar   Just loved this story smile emoticon 80 - With props and accessories, she indulged her fantasies at a photo studio - Indian Memory... Image and Text contributed by Sunita Kripalani, Goa In 1947, after partition, when my grandfather Nanikram Goklani and his wife Khemi migrated to India, along with... indianmemoryproject.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Sandhya Sekar June 29  The Atlantic  Just as some individuals are smarter than others, some groups are smarter than other. And these smart groups have one common factor: women. Ha. The Secret to Smart Groups: It's Women Women are better than men at knowing what other people are thinking, and that carries huge advantages in team settings www.theatlantic.com 12 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 12 people like this. Remove Sandhya Sekar What say, Madhurima Sudhira Krishna tongue emoticon Like  2  June 29 at 10:42pmSandhya Sekar changed her profile picture.   Edited  First snow Lincoln, Lincolnshire smile emoticon Thanks Tati for the photo! 90 Likes9 Comments Like  Share 90 people like this. View 5 more comments Remove Elonore Giraud O memories wink emoticon Like  1  June 29 at 1:23am Remove Tati Infraganti Aawww.. So good memories!! I remember we walked around there out there all excited for a few hour taking pictures...and how after a few weeks of snow we hated it xD How are you doing? Like  1  June 29 at 2:22pm Remove Sandhya Sekar Me good! How about you? You seem to have had a fun weekend! xx Like  June 29 at 2:36pm Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar too much!! reached Bangalore? Like  June 30 at 1:27am Remove Sandhya Sekar Yeah smile emoticon on the way to Kemmanagundi now, near Chikkamagalur. Will see Belur/Halebeed architectural sites on the way! Like  June 30 at 9:57am Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar Great! Have fun!! Like  June 30 at 4:25pmSandhya Sekar changed her profile picture.   Edited  Created with facebook.com/celebratepride 40 Likes6 Comments Like  Share 40 people like this. View 2 more comments Remove Sandhya Sekar The US legalised same sex marriages!! And given how it's usually a harbinger of global trends, I'm hoping for the best. Like  3   at 1:14pm Remove Ram Sundararaman You think our nation will follow suit? Like   at 3:13pm Remove Sandhya Sekar We have a tendency to ape the US. Why not in this matter? (One can hope :() Like  2   at 3:20pm View more replies Remove Sathya Kalyan Looking good Like   at 3:55pm Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar This is hoping for too much!! Like  1  June 28 at 1:03amSandhya Sekar   Cuteness overload. This little guy doesn't know he's already hatched grin emoticon kiss emoticon Amazing Pictures: Baby Chameleon Doesn't Know It Hatched The newborn, curled tightly in an egg-shaped ball, offers a rare insight into the life of a developing reptile. news.nationalgeographic.com 12 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 12 people like this. Remove Rajani Nair It was doing yoga....n it had just slipped into deep sleep Like   at 2:45pmSandhya Sekar June 24  YourStory.com  Wanting to converse in English in small town India is such a dream, with most people being more comfortable in native tongues. How then does one improve their English skills? Enter MeraEnglish. How inspiring! And of course a nice feeling that this guy is from Dindigul, the small town near my roots smile emoticon Sekar Jc From Dindigul to Google and Chennai, this entrepreneur has traveled a full circle riding on English Small town boy Santhosh Karnananda taught himself to speak English, and today trains 40,000 people over 44 institutions in Tamil Nadu in English. yourstory.com 45 Likes7 Comments1 Share Like  Share 45 people like this. 1 share View 3 more comments Remove Anne Paul He is our school junior Like  1  June 25 at 4:09am Remove Swati Mishra I have been to dindigul:) Like  June 25 at 4:43am Remove Sukanya Suresh Wow, great! Keep going , Santhosh! Like  June 25 at 11:28am Remove Buvana Sekar Very inspiring Santhosh! And those who approach you for help will find it easy to express their limitations with spoken English as you have gone thru the grind. Great going! Rural India needs people like you. Btw, I live 17 kms away from Dindigul- in vadamadurai. Like  June 25 at 4:55pmSandhya Sekar   Found myself smiling in agreement with almost all of what this writer has shared: http://www.theopennotebook.com//from-science-to-science-w/ Esp this: Bacteriathermophilic or acidophilic bacteria, for exampledo not know that the hot spot or acidic island is over there. They have no overall map of their surroundings to direct their movement in a straight line towards what they seek. What they sense instead is a local gradienta small change, right next to them. Its a little warmer that way. They move slightly. They feel it out again. Move. Feel. Move. And feel. The resulting path is a somewhat jagged, but non-random, path toward the thing that they love. And so is mine. Trading the Pipette for the Pen: Transitioning from Science to Science Writing Sometime during my PhD studies, I had an epiphany: I liked learning about science more than I liked doing it. Although I had excelled in science classes as an... theopennotebook.com 16 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 16 people like this. Remove Shrk Deodhar Move. Feel. Move. And feel heart emoticon Like  June 23 at 8:46am Remove Sandhya Sekar Tango? Like  June 23 at 9:57am Remove Shrk Deodhar Life. Like  1  June 23 at 10:00amSandhya Sekar   Such a great idea. Surplus food for the homeless is just an app away - CNET On-demand smartphone apps are known for addressing the whims and desires of the comfortable. It turns out they can also serve the greater good. google.com 9 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 9 people like this. Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar I would so much appreciate something like this in Trivandrum. Do you know of any?? Like  June 23 at 1:32am Remove Sandhya Sekar Nope frown emoticon but I hear that the problem she talks about -- there are no takers for leftovers -- is there in Bangalore at least. It's a matter of time before it comes about I think. Like  June 23 at 9:59am Remove Deepshikha Jaiswal-Nagar In Trivandrum, for sure, there are no takers for leftover food! Like  June 23 at 4:37pmSandhya Sekar updated her cover photo.   Edited  Palozhugumpara, near Vagamon meadows, which is near thekkady. The name means the rock over which milk flows. Meaning, the water looks white and frothy like milk smile emoticon fell in love with the name first and then the waterfall itself. 51 Likes Like  Share 51 people like this."
