A Brewster Smythe   This is from moron.com wink emoticon - Woman claims she is in a 'Sexual Relationship' with Bigfoot ShareTweet We mostly deal with dumb criminals and social media idiots on our website. But we found this story so damn bizarre we had to share it. Enjoy.... www.moron.com|By MORON Share Margaret Bormann likes this. Remove Rita Johnson Bahahaha!!!!! 10 hrs Remove A Brewster Smythe LOL 9 hrs Remove Rita Bermes-Harness What size ? Lol 8 hrsA Brewster Smythe shared Brad Schneider's photo.   Happy Birthday, Medicare! wink emoticon Brad Schneider Fifty years ago today, President Lyndon Johnson signed Medicare into law stating, ...No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings that [Americans] have... so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years. Medicare gave our nation's citizens dignity in retirement -- it's not an entitlement, it is a service of security earned through a lifetime of work. I will always fight to defend the benefits citizens have earned against those who wish to cut or dismantle this vital program. See More Share 4 people like this.A Brewster Smythe shared a memory from July 30, 2013. 22 hrs  2 years ago- summer with Lew and Betty snoozing 2 Years Ago Today See Your Memories A Brewster Smythe July 30, 2013  Share Rita Johnson likes this. Remove A Brewster Smythe These two are still doing the same thing two years later. 21 hrsA Brewster Smythe   Cool This Guy Built an Insanely Tiny House for an Insanely Small Amount of Money | Tiny House News This Guy Built an Insanely Tiny House for an Insanely Small Amount of Money by tinyhousenews  July 30, 2015 Jacob Adler of Sheldahl, Iowa, built the home you... tinyhousenews.info Share Rita Johnson likes this.A Brewster Smythe was reading The Death of Santini: The Story of a Father and His Son. July 29 at 9:07pm  Fort Wayne, IN, United States  The Death of Santini: The Story of a Father and His Son Book SaveSaved 51 Likes Share Remove Lynn Bocknik Jenkins HA! Me, too... on audio. I am not finding it so great... Conroy is filled with hubris andhate. Doesn't help that I don't enjoy the voice of the reader. My daughter who read both this and the Great Santini, said she enjoyed the other better. What about you? Yesterday at 9:21am Remove A Brewster Smythe I am finding some of it clarifying - in respect to his other books - but I think he is best when writing fiction - I read The Reading Life ( non - fiction) & that was slow going as well - Prince of Tides was beautifully written - haven't read the Great Santini - but probably soon Yesterday at 9:38amA Brewster Smythe via 21Alive   Betty- my lab retriever - is taking a vaca day, lounging on the couch in the crisp air conditioning! Hot weather reminders for pet owners FORT WAYNE, Ind. (21Alive) -- With this being one of the hottest weeks so far this summer, it's time to be extra cautious of the heat when it comes our four legged friends. 21alive.com Share 2 people like this.A Brewster Smythe shared Hillary Clinton's photo.   Just a grandmother is enough! Hillary Clinton You don't have to be a scientist to listen to science. We must take action on climate change. Share 2 people like this.A Brewster Smythe   A Story: By Anonymous Once upon a time there was a king who wanted to go fishing. He called the royal weather forecaster, a very important position, and inquired as to the weather forecast for the next few hours. The weatherman assured him that there was no chance of rain in the coming days. ... So the king went fishing with his wife, the queen. On the way he met a farmer on his donkey. Upon seeing the king the farmer said, Your Majesty, you should return to the palace at once because in just a short time I expect a huge amount of rain to fall in this area. The king was polite and considerate, he replied: I hold the palace meteorologist in high regard. He is an extensively educated and experienced professional. Besides, I pay him very high wages. He gave me a very different forecast. I trust him and I will continue on my way. So he continued on his way. However, a short time later a torrential rain fell from the sky.. The King and Queen were totally soaked and their entourage chuckled upon seeing them in such a shameful condition. Furious, the king returned to the palace and gave the order to fire the weatherman at once! Then he summoned the farmer and offered him the prestigious and high paying role of royal forecaster. The farmer said, Your Majesty, I do not know anything about forecasting. I obtain my information from my donkey. If I see my donkey's ears drooping, it means with certainty that it will rain. So the king hired the donkey. And so began the practice of hiring asses to work in the government and occupy its highest and most influential positions. See More Share 2 people like this."
