Rasmus Rasmussen   I haven't drooled over a camera in years. This one did it though. Except the price. Canon Just Unleashed an ISO 4,000,000 Camera Whoa. Canon dropped a bombshell this morning by announcing the new Canon ME20F-SH, a multi-purpose camera that has a maximum ISO of over 4,000,000. That's petapixel.com 14 Likes8 Comments Like  Share 14 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Lance Zielinski DUDE!! Like  16 hrs Remove Larry Brennan 1 - It looks like a Kodak Brownie 2 - Houses are overrated Like  1  15 hrs Denice Rochelle replied  1 Reply Remove Olga Ershova With this camera loan you will be immortal! Like  14 hrs Remove Anita Lundsgaard tongue emoticon Like  14 hrsRasmus Rasmussen via Tagunda   Help me test Torgar's Quest - I am almost ready to call the game feature complete and turn my attention to the polish. Before we get there though, there is quality to assure. I suspect there are still some tweaks to do, but I need more data and some more eyeballs to take a look (Windows only, at this time). Torgar's Quest Beta-Tester Registration Important: the beta test is for PC/Windows only. By signing up to be a beta-tester, you agree not to share the game, or any of the materials shared for the purpose of beta testing. You'll get notifications via email, but your email address will not be sold or shared, because no one likes spam. Thank docs.google.com 1 Like2 Comments Like  Share Dusty Cline likes this. Remove Dusty Cline Done... Was going to do it after I set my computer back up... Well, it is still in its transportation box in my truck... (Feeling lazy) Like  1  July 25 at 2:54am Remove Mikael Dahl Signed! Up! Like  1  July 25 at 10:07pmRasmus Rasmussen   Taking photos of a future councilman and his rock 'n' roll friends. And loving it!  at The Triple Door. 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Rasmus Rasmussen   Woot! I did it! I won my first Torgar's Quest game! I have completed it before in earlier iterations, but so much has changed in the beta version, that it feels like the first time. This screenshot was taken shortly before I found the last crystal shard. This is huge for me, because the game played out more or less exactly like I wanted it to, from a design perspective. So, either I got very lucky or the game is starting to come together. Torgar's Quest has its first plays-as...-intended beta build. Milestone reached! *happy dance* I am pretty much ready to cut a test build and start testing right now, but I need more volunteer testers! If you are interested in helping me test Torgar's Quest beta, please send me a note. Repeat: TESTERS WANTED!!! (Currently, Torgar's Quest is PC/Win only, for more info visit http://torgarsquest.com) When I have enough people, I'll send instructions by email, so make sure your note includes where you want me to send it. Big shoutout to Zach Bohnenkamp, Jos Johnson, and Sbastien Falcon for contributing the first round of translations. Currently, about 70% of the game is localized in Spanish, German and French (I've added Danish as well, and Brazilian Portuguese is coming). Finally, the beta also features custom artwork by Ethan Myerson. I'm hugely honored to have these great people on board, making this little game grander. See More 22 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 22 people like this. Remove Dusty Cline Awesome!!! Like  1  July 20 at 5:53am Remove Nick Finck So wish I could play this on my Mac but I understand why is only PC. For now I'll just live vicariously. Like  July 20 at 6:05am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen The plan is to release it for Mac as well, but I am having issues figuring out their signature process. I can't get it to properly sign the build (meaning it won't run on other Macs than mine). I messed up the process somewhere, and I just haven't prioritized figuring out a solution. Like  July 20 at 7:06am View more replies Remove Gert Rasmussen You are either good or unlucky! Like  July 20 at 10:33am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen Anyone who'd like to test the game can now sign up here: http://ras.ms/tgbeta Torgar's Quest Beta-Tester Registration Important: the beta test is for PC/Windows only. By signing up to be a beta-tester, you agree not to share the game, or any of the materials shared for the purpose of beta testing. You'll get notifications via email, but your email address will not be sold or shared, because no one likes spam. Thank docs.google.com Like  July 23 at 3:27amRasmus Rasmussen   I tell you... Jennifer... she is really a party pooper... Really? Every time I watch this, it gets a little funnier. Jennifer is a Party Pooper (7:12am) Apparent, a Kolleage of me poops at parties. Follow Flula Hier! // http://www.twitter.com/flula Like Flula Hier! // http://www.facebook.com/flula Flula Shop!... youtube.com 9 Likes3 Comments1 Share Like  Share 9 people like this. 1 share Remove Ana R. Pastor Big fan also of this one: https://youtu.be/OMa1i3ITBbo Rock Paper Scissors, Your Logik Is Not Right (6:01am) I am having the issue with the Rock Paper Scissors game. Update! Apparent this problem has been solve! Danke great peoples for saying it, Rock Scissor Dynami... youtube.com Like  July 18 at 6:56am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen He has a lot of good ones. Like  July 18 at 7:14am Remove Joe Martin I swear, I must have been the only one that didn't know when I married Jennifer! Like  1  July 18 at 7:21am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen BWAAAHAHAHAHAHA Like  July 18 at 7:21am View more replies Remove Kyle Bynum I don't care how fake it is or how many times I have seen it............funny every time!!!!! Like  1  July 18 at 7:54amRasmus Rasmussen   Edited  Disclaimer: this is not about any specific person(s). It is a general observation, inspired by getting close to forty, let's say. Now, the rant... My generation is once again is splitting into two groups. This happens many times, like puberty, and those who've reached it versus those who haven't. This time it's about those who are becoming closed minded, and bothered by every little thing, versus those who remain open to new things, and accepting of change. Those who are stag...nating versus those who still learn. I hope to avoid ever becoming the get-off-my-lawn guy, and it saddens me when otherwise smart, talented people drift more and more towards an entitled, defensive way of thinking. I doubt anyone actually wants to be that person. Maybe it's a reaction to the new level of shit life exposes you to. At around my age, you might start losing friends and family. Bad things happens to you and those you love (death, disease, divorce, unemployment, etc), and I think that can easily build a high level of bitterness, poisoning your outlook on life. Life is full of shit, but when you become angry and afraid all the time, the shit has won. Fight it with curiosity, celebrate the little victories and the rare triumphs, and apply your experience as a guide rather than an opponent. Don't let the shit win. Oh, and happy Friday. See More 59 Likes19 Comments Like  Share 59 people like this. View 15 more comments Remove Loren Harner-Rasmussen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLZGMcwi758 [True Detective] ...and old men die and the world keeps spinning youtube.com Like  2  July 18 at 2:49am Remove Daniel Bringmann dont let the shit win... You show that turde who is the boss!!! Like  1  July 18 at 3:36am Remove Helene Schilders Being curious and engaging and alive is a conscious choice. Like  1  July 18 at 10:10am Remove Per strup Olsen like emoticon Like  July 18 at 6:25pmRasmus Rasmussen   Today, I made a magical spreadsheet that generates ini-files for localizing my video game. Then I proceeded to kill all the things in Diablo with Kelly Cline and Nick Finck. Perfect. 13 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 13 people like this. Remove Kelly Cline We slaughtered everything from rotting undead torsos to desks! LIKE BAWSEZZ! Like  2  July 13 at 1:08pmRasmus Rasmussen   Hello, my name is Rasmus, and I am 8 years old. Seriously. 8. Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens: Comic-Con 2015 Reel Watch it on IMDb imdb.com 24 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 24 people like this. Remove Daniel Bringmann this year xmas is on the 16 of december... and it is in Imax smile emoticon Like  1  July 11 at 2:49pm Remove Sussie Maria Pilegaard Johansen Hello. My name is Sussie, and I'm 1,367 years old. Like  July 11 at 5:02pm Remove Walter Maenhout Dammit! I have unsubscribed from any spoiler images. BUT SOOO COOL! Like  July 11 at 5:25pmRasmus Rasmussen   Taking photos of a future councilman and his rock 'n' roll friends. And loving it!  at The Triple Door. 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Rasmus Rasmussen   Woot! I did it! I won my first Torgar's Quest game! I have completed it before in earlier iterations, but so much has changed in the beta version, that it feels like the first time. This screenshot was taken shortly before I found the last crystal shard. This is huge for me, because the game played out more or less exactly like I wanted it to, from a design perspective. So, either I got very lucky or the game is starting to come together. Torgar's Quest has its first plays-as...-intended beta build. Milestone reached! *happy dance* I am pretty much ready to cut a test build and start testing right now, but I need more volunteer testers! If you are interested in helping me test Torgar's Quest beta, please send me a note. Repeat: TESTERS WANTED!!! (Currently, Torgar's Quest is PC/Win only, for more info visit http://torgarsquest.com) When I have enough people, I'll send instructions by email, so make sure your note includes where you want me to send it. Big shoutout to Zach Bohnenkamp, Jos Johnson, and Sbastien Falcon for contributing the first round of translations. Currently, about 70% of the game is localized in Spanish, German and French (I've added Danish as well, and Brazilian Portuguese is coming). Finally, the beta also features custom artwork by Ethan Myerson. I'm hugely honored to have these great people on board, making this little game grander. See More 22 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 22 people like this. Remove Dusty Cline Awesome!!! Like  1  July 20 at 5:53am Remove Nick Finck So wish I could play this on my Mac but I understand why is only PC. For now I'll just live vicariously. Like  July 20 at 6:05am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen The plan is to release it for Mac as well, but I am having issues figuring out their signature process. I can't get it to properly sign the build (meaning it won't run on other Macs than mine). I messed up the process somewhere, and I just haven't prioritized figuring out a solution. Like  July 20 at 7:06am View more replies Remove Gert Rasmussen You are either good or unlucky! Like  July 20 at 10:33am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen Anyone who'd like to test the game can now sign up here: http://ras.ms/tgbeta Torgar's Quest Beta-Tester Registration Important: the beta test is for PC/Windows only. By signing up to be a beta-tester, you agree not to share the game, or any of the materials shared for the purpose of beta testing. You'll get notifications via email, but your email address will not be sold or shared, because no one likes spam. Thank docs.google.com Like  July 23 at 3:27amRasmus Rasmussen   I tell you... Jennifer... she is really a party pooper... Really? Every time I watch this, it gets a little funnier. Jennifer is a Party Pooper (7:12am) Apparent, a Kolleage of me poops at parties. Follow Flula Hier! // http://www.twitter.com/flula Like Flula Hier! // http://www.facebook.com/flula Flula Shop!... youtube.com 9 Likes3 Comments1 Share Like  Share 9 people like this. 1 share Remove Ana R. Pastor Big fan also of this one: https://youtu.be/OMa1i3ITBbo Rock Paper Scissors, Your Logik Is Not Right (6:01am) I am having the issue with the Rock Paper Scissors game. Update! Apparent this problem has been solve! Danke great peoples for saying it, Rock Scissor Dynami... youtube.com Like  July 18 at 6:56am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen He has a lot of good ones. Like  July 18 at 7:14am Remove Joe Martin I swear, I must have been the only one that didn't know when I married Jennifer! Like  1  July 18 at 7:21am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen BWAAAHAHAHAHAHA Like  July 18 at 7:21am View more replies Remove Kyle Bynum I don't care how fake it is or how many times I have seen it............funny every time!!!!! Like  1  July 18 at 7:54amRasmus Rasmussen   Edited  Disclaimer: this is not about any specific person(s). It is a general observation, inspired by getting close to forty, let's say. Now, the rant... My generation is once again is splitting into two groups. This happens many times, like puberty, and those who've reached it versus those who haven't. This time it's about those who are becoming closed minded, and bothered by every little thing, versus those who remain open to new things, and accepting of change. Those who are stag...nating versus those who still learn. I hope to avoid ever becoming the get-off-my-lawn guy, and it saddens me when otherwise smart, talented people drift more and more towards an entitled, defensive way of thinking. I doubt anyone actually wants to be that person. Maybe it's a reaction to the new level of shit life exposes you to. At around my age, you might start losing friends and family. Bad things happens to you and those you love (death, disease, divorce, unemployment, etc), and I think that can easily build a high level of bitterness, poisoning your outlook on life. Life is full of shit, but when you become angry and afraid all the time, the shit has won. Fight it with curiosity, celebrate the little victories and the rare triumphs, and apply your experience as a guide rather than an opponent. Don't let the shit win. Oh, and happy Friday. See More 59 Likes19 Comments Like  Share 59 people like this. View 15 more comments Remove Loren Harner-Rasmussen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLZGMcwi758 [True Detective] ...and old men die and the world keeps spinning youtube.com Like  2  July 18 at 2:49am Remove Daniel Bringmann dont let the shit win... You show that turde who is the boss!!! Like  1  July 18 at 3:36am Remove Helene Schilders Being curious and engaging and alive is a conscious choice. Like  1  July 18 at 10:10am Remove Per strup Olsen like emoticon Like  July 18 at 6:25pmRasmus Rasmussen   Today, I made a magical spreadsheet that generates ini-files for localizing my video game. Then I proceeded to kill all the things in Diablo with Kelly Cline and Nick Finck. Perfect. 13 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 13 people like this. Remove Kelly Cline We slaughtered everything from rotting undead torsos to desks! LIKE BAWSEZZ! Like  2  July 13 at 1:08pmRasmus Rasmussen   Hello, my name is Rasmus, and I am 8 years old. Seriously. 8. Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens: Comic-Con 2015 Reel Watch it on IMDb imdb.com 24 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 24 people like this. Remove Daniel Bringmann this year xmas is on the 16 of december... and it is in Imax smile emoticon Like  1  July 11 at 2:49pm Remove Sussie Maria Pilegaard Johansen Hello. My name is Sussie, and I'm 1,367 years old. Like  July 11 at 5:02pm Remove Walter Maenhout Dammit! I have unsubscribed from any spoiler images. BUT SOOO COOL! Like  July 11 at 5:25pmRasmus Rasmussen   Father/Daughter Beatbox-Off. I am in awe. Dad beatboxes in front of his kid, But watch what she does when its her turn She definitely has talent. beatbox.justmademelaugh.com|By Warren Pitt 14 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 14 people like this. Remove Michael Weberg Cool!See Translation Like  July 11 at 2:12pm Remove Jenny Goldberg-George Dammmmmmnnnnnnnnnnnnn! Like  July 12 at 2:48amRasmus Rasmussen shared 9GAG's photo.   Nuff said. 9GAG Lions from different countries http://9gag.com/gag/aD0yM6O?ref=fbp 31 Likes5 Comments Like  Share 31 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Morten Mark Ramsing Hahaha Like  1  July 11 at 12:57pm Remove Lars Konzack Den er god, 9gag, men hvorfor bliver Humon ikke krediteret?See Translation Like  1  July 11 at 2:12pm Remove Lars Konzack http://satwcomic.com/coat-of-arms Coat of Arms - Scandinavia and the World Webcomic: I shamelessly stole the idea from this http://lolpics.se/5232-retarded-lion I just wanted to make one that also made fun of the o satwcomic.com Like  3  July 11 at 2:14pm Remove Satu Knape HahahaaSee Translation Like  1  July 11 at 3:13pmRasmus Rasmussen   I wrote about procrastination before finishing something, and almost being done with the in-game features of Torgar's Quest. Procrastinating a Milestone | Rasmus Rasmussen dot com Procrastinating a Milestone Posted on July 7, 2015 by Rasmus Do you ever put off finishing something, because finishing means that its over? Thats kind of where I am right now. It is an exciting place to be, because it feels like I am accomplishing something. It is also frustrating as hell. In thi rasmusrasmussen.com Like  ShareRasmus Rasmussen   What better way to spend your Sunday, than waste three hours trying to set up a home internet upgrade, only to have to reverse it when 100mbps turned out to be closer to 1mbps?! Two hour of setup and troubleshooting. One hour on the phone with Comcast. Fun times. Living the life. Whatever. 5 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 5 people like this. Remove Walter Maenhout Modern conveniences. Like  July 6 at 9:53am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen Indeed. Unfortunately, also a necessary tool. Like  1  July 6 at 10:03am Remove Jeanine Crijns Comcast... That says it all. wink emoticon Like  July 6 at 9:56am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen I'll wait to say that, until after the tech has been here and decided there is not g he can do. Which I'm half-way expecting. Like  July 6 at 10:04am View more replies Remove Nicola Stratford I feel utterly cheated by technology - plug and play is a furphy; and I don't see any sign of my personal jet pack for transport. frown emoticon Like  1  July 6 at 10:57am Remove Rasmus Rasmussen WE WERE PROMISED FLYING CARS! Like  2  July 6 at 11:17am Tom M. Christensen replied  3 Replies"
