Tom Maxwell   I look intimidating in my new passport photo! 12 Likes7 Comments Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. View 3 more comments Remove Tom Maxwell They told me not to smile and I'm a pro at that. Like  Reply  August 1 at 7:52am Remove Tom Maxwell I promise I won't kill any of you! smile emoticon Like  Reply  August 1 at 8:34am View 1 more reply Remove Tom Maxwell RIP Chelsea Jordan Like  1  August 1 at 8:36am Remove Kerrie Bain You look like Charles Manson. Like  Reply  1  August 1 at 9:19am Remove James Montour Jesus christ dude Like  Reply  3  August 1 at 9:53am Remove Tom Maxwell dont get on my bad side bro Like  2  August 1 at 10:19am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Tom Maxwell   Happy to share with ya'll the launch of the redesigned 9to5 family of blogs, starting with 9to5Mac. Check it out*! *some minor issues were found here and there after launching it 2 hours ago, but they're being fixed 9to5Mac Apple iPhone, Mac and iPad News Breaking All Day 9to5mac.com 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Chelsea JordanTom Maxwell   For some reason I like Uber over Lyft, even though I've never used Lyft, not to mention had any sort of negative experience with it. But I just decided I'd download the Lyft app, since I need a ride to the airport tomorrow morning. Then I kept seeing that wherever I placed the pin it said closed, so then I googled it. Apparently (I read one sentence of an article) Houston was going to charge them $62/driver for a background check out something, so they stopped operating ...in Houston in November. Their loss. See More Remove Tom Maxwell You can thank the taxi coalitions for that. It's the situation in lots of cities. At Los Angeles International, for example, Uber can send basically any type of car  black cars, SUVs, etc  except UberX. Also the airports try and squeeze money out of everything. 1  July 28 at 10:23am View previous replies Remove Tom Maxwell It happens to UberX the most because the drivers of the black cars and sedans usually have special limo licenses which cost money and time to acquire, while anyone can drive for X without that same upfront investment. That's usually a major point of contention in new cities the company enters  that taxi drivers have to pay for expensive medallions while UberX drivers just need a car. 1  July 28 at 1:37pm  Edited View more repliesTom Maxwell   Edited  Canceled on an Uber driver, ended up getting him because no other drivers were close. He spent nearly the whole time berating me for that cancellation. That's not even to mention how most Uber LA/Orange County drivers seem terrible. 6 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Arvind Nedumaran You can just respond with a single star you know.. Like  Reply  1  July 26 at 12:13am Remove Will R Reynolds Young On Lyft if you rate a driver under 3 you won't be matched. Not sure if Uber does the same. Like  Reply  1  July 26 at 1:29am Remove Tom Maxwell Wouldn't surprise me Like  July 26 at 1:32am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Chelsea JordanTom Maxwell   Did you do the uber ice cream thing? I thought about it but $5 per ice cream is steep for my stingy self. James Mishra likes this. Remove Tom Maxwell Been too busy, but I saw it! I don't think $5 is too bad, though. July 25 at 12:32pm  Edited Chelsea Jordan replied  1 Reply Remove James Mishra 1  July 25 at 2:25pmTom Maxwell   Edited  My new landlord has already begun to mistake my name as Max. This is going well. 8 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 8 people like this. Remove Kelly Ryder Max Tomwell. Like  Reply  July 25 at 10:30am Remove Tom Maxwell Most people I meet make the mistake at least once Like  July 25 at 10:32am Remove Charles Peralo What's up Max Tomwell. Like  Reply  July 25 at 10:36am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Tom Maxwell   hey guys 2 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Matthew Harris o no Like  Reply  July 25 at 10:41pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
