Tracy Weir July 30 at 12:21pm  Portland, OR, United States  Congrats to Aaron Kardell and Ohan Antebian and the team at @Homespotter on an awesome new release! Text messaging weds home-search functionality in app update | Inman When Mobile Realty Apps rebranded as HomeSpotter at the start of the year, the plan was to use the $1.8 million in funding to bring on new developers and give its... inman.com 13 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 13 people like this. Remove Jeff Chalmers Hey Warren Dow Yesterday at 3:54am  Like  1 Remove Warren Dow Hey there, Jeff! Looks like a good implementation. We've had text messaging and live agent chat in our mobile platform for a while now. Really useful for agents to be able to share information with their clients in real time using mobile. That's where all the consumers are these days, right? smile emoticon Yesterday at 4:03am  Like  1 Remove Jeremy Lehman Congrats Aaron and team! That's a huge step in Mobile MLS platforms. Is this available in CRMLS? Yesterday at 6:12am  Like  2Tracy Weir   Excited to see Anthony Bourdain tonight in a gorgeous venue!  at Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall. 30 Likes Like  Share 30 people like this.Tracy Weir July 26 at 7:39pm  Portland, OR, United States  I've been asked a lot about what I think the Zillow/DotLoop tie-up will mean to brokers and agents. My take's a little different  let me know what you think. Zillow Just Bought DotLoop. What Will it Mean to YOU? Plenty of people are freaking out  but possibly for the wrong reasons. Here's what you should be concerned about whether you're a DotLoop user or not. eight11.com|By tracy weir 20 Likes11 Comments1 Share Like  Share 20 people like this. 1 share View 7 more comments Remove Tracy Weir Me too, Richard. July 27 at 11:54am  Like  1 Remove Richard McDonald July 27 at 11:57am  Like Remove Ray Chapman-Wilson For what it's worth, this is what Zillow is to me; a third-tier rerence tool that supplies data which is approximately 2 to 3 weeks old. July 27 at 12:14pm  Like  1 Remove Roxanne Boldt Tracy, you are spot on. It's all about the revenue. July 27 at 10:11pm  LikeTracy Weir   I would like to know why people with the smallest items insist on putting them in the overhead bins on every single flight. Plus their roll aboard bags, brick a brac and knick knacks. Has no one ever heard of this blank, open spot called the area beneath the seat in front of you? Geez. 21 Likes11 Comments Like  Share 21 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Joe Schutt Isn't that where my feet go?! wink emoticon Hahahahahahann July 21 at 9:41am  Like Remove Bob Watson I pray, pray, pray for the day that all baggage except a briefcase (1/3 the size of a rollaboard) must be checked. It may never happen, but I hope in my lifetime it does. ...See More July 21 at 11:34am  Edited  Like  4 Remove Dana McLain I always check my luggage since I refuse to take part in the overhead bin feeding frenzy. Well, that.... and I might break a nail, not happening! July 21 at 11:40am  Like  2 Remove Gini Griffin Talmadge Bob & Dana. Yes!! Check the freakin' bags. Put your purse under the seat. And I don't know. Maybe a new brick a brack area. No smashed hats. Civilized travel. July 21 at 12:02pm  Like  1Tracy Weir   Edited  Congrats to our clients Sindeo, California Regional MLS (CRMLS) and the San Francisco Association of REALTORS for their Inman Innovators Nominations! The coolest people are doing the coolest things! Kudos to Ginger Wilcox Walt Baczkowski and Art Carter! Inman announces 2015 Innovator Award candidates | Inman Each year, Inman scans the universe of real estate companies, technology firms, individual innovators, successful agents, forward-thinking brokers, risk-takers and... inman.com 14 Likes2 Comments1 Share Like  Share 14 people like this. 1 share Remove San Francisco Association of REALTORS We are thrilled! July 16 at 11:55pm  Like  2 Remove Ginger Wilcox Thanks Tracy! Sindeo is excited to be included with such a great group! July 17 at 12:35am  Like  2Tracy Weir   Edited  Ever wondered exactly how loud a neighborhood really is? Brendan Farrell, founder of HowLoud, Inc., knows. Check this out. (Live in OC, coming soon to Massachusetts!) Kendyl Young Raj Qsar Joe Schutt Just How Noisy Is it? HowLoud Aims to Map the Universe of Noise - Eight11 Brendan Farrell built HowLoud to measure the noisome aspects of the city  and has mapped four million properties to date with a SoundScore. Does it work? eight11.com|By tracy weir 11 Likes9 Comments Like  Share 11 people like this. View 5 more comments Remove Joe Schutt What she said ^^^ July 13 at 9:49am  Like Remove Tracy Weir I'm not sure it's definitive (and I don't think Brendan is trying to position it that way)  but at least it makes noise levels accessible. There are so many variables, but it's a start. July 13 at 10:16am  Like Remove HowLoud, Inc. Our results are certainly not definitive yet, but they are a great help and the first product of this kind. It is possible that we say a location is quiet while there is some noise source that we have not yet captured, and in that case it is certainly ...See More July 13 at 10:31am  Like  1 Remove HowLoud, Inc. I am happy to discuss the product with any MLS's or website's interested in incorporating noise to their site or service. Just send me an email and we'll arrange a call. Brendan. (brendan@howloud.net) July 15 at 4:10am  LikeTracy Weir July 26 at 7:39pm  Portland, OR, United States  I've been asked a lot about what I think the Zillow/DotLoop tie-up will mean to brokers and agents. My take's a little different  let me know what you think. Zillow Just Bought DotLoop. What Will it Mean to YOU? Plenty of people are freaking out  but possibly for the wrong reasons. Here's what you should be concerned about whether you're a DotLoop user or not. eight11.com|By tracy weir 20 Likes11 Comments1 Share Like  Share 20 people like this. 1 share View 7 more comments Remove Tracy Weir Me too, Richard. July 27 at 11:54am  Like  1 Remove Richard McDonald July 27 at 11:57am  Like Remove Ray Chapman-Wilson For what it's worth, this is what Zillow is to me; a third-tier rerence tool that supplies data which is approximately 2 to 3 weeks old. July 27 at 12:14pm  Like  1 Remove Roxanne Boldt Tracy, you are spot on. It's all about the revenue. July 27 at 10:11pm  LikeTracy Weir   I would like to know why people with the smallest items insist on putting them in the overhead bins on every single flight. Plus their roll aboard bags, brick a brac and knick knacks. Has no one ever heard of this blank, open spot called the area beneath the seat in front of you? Geez. 21 Likes11 Comments Like  Share 21 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Joe Schutt Isn't that where my feet go?! wink emoticon Hahahahahahann July 21 at 9:41am  Like Remove Bob Watson I pray, pray, pray for the day that all baggage except a briefcase (1/3 the size of a rollaboard) must be checked. It may never happen, but I hope in my lifetime it does. ...See More July 21 at 11:34am  Edited  Like  4 Remove Dana McLain I always check my luggage since I refuse to take part in the overhead bin feeding frenzy. Well, that.... and I might break a nail, not happening! July 21 at 11:40am  Like  2 Remove Gini Griffin Talmadge Bob & Dana. Yes!! Check the freakin' bags. Put your purse under the seat. And I don't know. Maybe a new brick a brack area. No smashed hats. Civilized travel. July 21 at 12:02pm  Like  1Tracy Weir   Edited  Congrats to our clients Sindeo, California Regional MLS (CRMLS) and the San Francisco Association of REALTORS for their Inman Innovators Nominations! The coolest people are doing the coolest things! Kudos to Ginger Wilcox Walt Baczkowski and Art Carter! Inman announces 2015 Innovator Award candidates | Inman Each year, Inman scans the universe of real estate companies, technology firms, individual innovators, successful agents, forward-thinking brokers, risk-takers and entrepreneurs. We chose 65 companies and individuals in six categories who are doing things -- or something -- differently. inman.com 14 Likes2 Comments1 Share Like  Share 14 people like this. 1 share Remove San Francisco Association of REALTORS We are thrilled! July 16 at 11:55pm  Like  2 Remove Ginger Wilcox Thanks Tracy! Sindeo is excited to be included with such a great group! July 17 at 12:35am  Like  2Tracy Weir   Edited  Ever wondered exactly how loud a neighborhood really is? Brendan Farrell, founder of HowLoud, Inc., knows. Check this out. (Live in OC, coming soon to Massachusetts!) Kendyl Young Raj Qsar Joe Schutt Just How Noisy Is it? HowLoud Aims to Map the Universe of Noise - Eight11 Brendan Farrell built HowLoud to measure the noisome aspects of the city  and has mapped four million properties to date with a SoundScore. Does it work? eight11.com|By tracy weir 11 Likes9 Comments Like  Share 11 people like this. View 5 more comments Remove Joe Schutt What she said ^^^ July 13 at 9:49am  Like Remove Tracy Weir I'm not sure it's definitive (and I don't think Brendan is trying to position it that way)  but at least it makes noise levels accessible. There are so many variables, but it's a start. July 13 at 10:16am  Like Remove HowLoud, Inc. Our results are certainly not definitive yet, but they are a great help and the first product of this kind. It is possible that we say a location is quiet while there is some noise source that we have not yet captured, and in that case it is certainly ...See More July 13 at 10:31am  Like  1 Remove HowLoud, Inc. I am happy to discuss the product with any MLS's or website's interested in incorporating noise to their site or service. Just send me an email and we'll arrange a call. Brendan. (brendan@howloud.net) July 15 at 4:10am  Like"
