Alberto Rodriguez-Baez   It was an honor to meet with the U.S. Department of State's Chief Economist Dr. Rodney Ludema at the White House Business Council briefing in San Antonio, TX! Share 18 people like this. Remove Elsa Elizondo Felicidades Alberto Rodriguez-Baez !!.Dios siga bendiciendo t camino.. Bss.See Translation March 20 at 7:45am  1 Remove Alberto Rodriguez-Baez Gracias, tia Elsa! Abrazos para ti, mi tio y toda la familia!See Translation March 20 at 7:47am  1Alberto Rodriguez-Baez added 3 new photos.   The Greater Boerne Chamber of Commerce Gala on Friday was amazing! It was great seeing friends, business owners and people who are involved in the region's economic development. As a member of the Chamber's Board of Directors, I couldn't be more proud of the Chamber's staff and volunteers who organized this event. There were many highlights, but one of my favorite moments was when the event was kicked off with prayer for our city, businesses and leaders. I also had the honor of meeting and visiting with Congressman Lamar Smith. Can't wait for next year's Gala! Share 11 people like this. Remove David Leister Congratulations! When are we getting together, friend? January 26 at 12:01pm Remove Alberto Rodriguez-Baez Let's have breakfast! I'll email you. January 26 at 12:17pm Remove Robert Fitzgerald Way to go! January 27 at 8:40pmAlberto Rodriguez-Baez   Nice! My Huskers won 79-77 vs Michigan State. So excited about this season! #GoBigRed #GBR Share 6 people like this.Alberto Rodriguez-Baez   Gas at $1.75... Yeah, buddy! #PTL Share 7 people like this. Remove More Bez Baj el precio de la gasolina? que bueno a nosotros al contrario! See Translation January 25 at 8:30am Remove Ken McNeff unleaded lower than E-85 is strange; it was 50 cents the other way... January 25 at 11:48amAlberto Rodriguez-Baez added 5 new photos to the album: Visiting the White House.   Share 8 people like this.Alberto Rodriguez-Baez added 4 new photos.   Edited  The White House Business Council and Business Forward Briefing on U.S. International Trade Policy was an amazing event. It was truly and honor to be part of it. I had the chance to meet amazing business owners from around the country, government officials and members of the Congress. I also had the opportunity to see great places. In the first picture below is the White House behind me and the West Wing is the building to my left. Share 45 people like this. Remove Dean Brand Very impressive!  at 8:26pm Remove Mike Schultz Good job, Alberto! January 15 at 3:05amAlberto Rodriguez-Baez   Nice! My Huskers won 79-77 vs Michigan State. So excited about this season! #GoBigRed #GBR Share 6 people like this.Alberto Rodriguez-Baez   Gas at $1.75... Yeah, buddy! #PTL Share 7 people like this. Remove More Bez Baj el precio de la gasolina? que bueno a nosotros al contrario! See Translation January 25 at 8:30am Remove Ken McNeff unleaded lower than E-85 is strange; it was 50 cents the other way... January 25 at 11:48amAlberto Rodriguez-Baez added 5 new photos to the album: Visiting the White House.   Share 8 people like this.Alberto Rodriguez-Baez added 4 new photos.   Edited  The White House Business Council and Business Forward Briefing on U.S. International Trade Policy was an amazing event. It was truly and honor to be part of it. I had the chance to meet amazing business owners from around the country, government officials and members of the Congress. I also had the opportunity to see great places. In the first picture below is the White House behind me and the West Wing is the building to my left. Share 45 people like this. Remove Dean Brand Very impressive!  at 8:26pm Remove Mike Schultz Good job, Alberto! January 15 at 3:05am"
