Andi Whiskey   Well I gave cabbage and roasted brussel sprouts a try. It's no Mino's Kitchen, but it'll help spice up a few of my meals. Thanks for the suggestions! 18 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 18 people like this. Remove Kathleen Chua Krilanovich Yay! Good luck on your adventure. Like  1  July 29 at 10:07am Remove Steve Mino I love the fact that you tried them! (I don't see the siracha) Like  1  July 29 at 1:53pm Remove Andi Whiskey I went with Cholula because I forgot to grab the siracha at the store but it tastes pretty good! Like  1  July 29 at 6:14pmAndi Whiskey   Competitor life. Fasted cardio at 0345 then, you know, just chilling at the gym at 0445 eating egg whites and quinoa out of tupperware in stripper heels. 19 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 19 people like this. Remove Sheila Webb Riechers Not your everyday post! Like  1  July 27 at 7:59pmAndi Whiskey added 3 new photos.   Some days I lose confidence in my ability to pull this off. But I don't let it stop me from keepin' on. Even when I'm feeling flat, tired, heavy, whathaveyou, I just remember I'm doing this for me, to see how hard I can work and to prove to myself what I'm capable of. I start up with my coach today. Pretty stoked. But seriously, I cannot wait until I can curl up on the couch with my gluten free pizza and a bottle of wine. Maybe 2. Bottles and pizzas. 2 bottles and 2 pizzas.... 33 Likes5 Comments Like  Share 33 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Sheila Webb Riechers You look awesome and beautiful! You should be very proud! That is hard work! Like  1  July 27 at 3:47am Remove Ryan Casner Keep pushing. It will be worth it! Like  1  July 27 at 3:51am Remove Garron A. Riechers Wat, you have gluten free wine? Keep rocking it Andi. Like  1  July 27 at 4:13am Remove Andi Whiskey Thanks guys! Had my first serious talk with my new coach today after she reviewed everything and she thinks I'm on track so I'm definitely feeling more confident about these last 7 weeks. Like  1  July 27 at 11:46amAndi Whiskey shared Gabi Butler's video.   Me, post-workout. 0:00/1:11 Watch Later Gabi Butler uploaded a new video. When you're depressed and food is the only thing that makes you feel better... 30 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 30 people like this. Remove Joni Rae Tuttle My kinda animals! Like  July 25 at 5:15amAndi Whiskey   Edited  This has been one of the hardest years of my life so far. Nothing's come easy. I lost my great-grandmother then shortly after, I lost my grandma, who was instrumental in making me into the crafter I am today, and I miss her everyday. I've made hard decisions and had hard decisions made for me and paid for old mistakes and made new ones. I've struggled to keep my business going all alone while moving it to a new state and struggling to keep up with tripling last year's numbers.... I came back and managed to race again after 6 years of battling knee pain and surgery recoveries. I've taken on the new challenge of competing as a figure competitor, which is taking more phsyical and mental discipline than any other sport I've ever competed in. And meanwhile, this man has been by my side through all of it, supporting and helping me through every hard challenge. It's been one of the hardest years, and yet it's also been one of the happiest years thanks to him. I'm so glad I have my partner in crime to help me get through the hard times. If he can stick with me through this, I'm sure we can take on anything the future holds. Thanks for being there for me, babe. I don't say that enough. See More  with Mark Murphy. 52 Likes5 Comments Like  Share 52 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Kris Wyatt Andi! As a youngin' you inspire me... The women in your life have definitely been a solid influence for you! You are rock solid, glad you have Mark there by your side & keep on keep in' Like  5  July 24 at 9:17am Remove Mikey Thomas It's so cool having known you guys in journalism as the obvious star crossed match and so many years later, here you are. Like  3  July 24 at 11:10pm Remove Chelsae Dutch Mess Brouwer Agreed Mikey Thomas ! Like  2  July 24 at 11:15pm Remove Andi Whiskey It took us a little while to figure it out, ourselves. Thanks for telling us, guys. Like  2  July 24 at 11:43pmAndi Whiskey   Life is struggle. Karl Marx The Struggle is when you wonder why you started the company in the first place. The Struggle is when people ask you why you dont quit and you dont know the answer. The Struggle is when food loses its taste.... The Struggle is where self-doubt becomes self-hatred. The Struggle is when you are having a conversation with someone and you cant hear a word that they are saying because all you can hear is The Struggle. The Struggle is when you want the pain to stop. The Struggle is unhappiness. The Struggle is when you go on vacation to feel better and you feel worse. The Struggle is when you are surrounded by people and you are all alone. The Struggle has no mercy. The Struggle is the land of broken promises and crushed dreams. The Struggle is a cold sweat. The Struggle is where your guts boil so much that you feel like you are going to spit blood. The Struggle is not failure, but it causes failure. Especially if you are weak. Always if you are weak. Most people are not strong enough. Every great entrepreneur from Steve Jobs to Mark Zuckerberg went through The Struggle and struggle they did, so you are not alone. But that does not mean that you will make it. You may not make it. That is why it is The Struggle. The Struggle is where greatness comes from. When you are in The Struggle, nothing is easy and nothing feels right. You have dropped into the abyss and you may never get out. So to all of you in it, may you find strength and may you find peace. -Ben Horowitz, The Hard Thing About Hard Things It's sometimes nice to know you're not alone in The Struggle. Not that it makes things easier. See More 14 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 14 people like this. Remove Scott Joyner The Struggle sounds like Depression to me! Like  July 23 at 11:42am"
