Ramsha Ali added 2 new photos.   Honeymoon Booked! Yay smile emoticon Basim Mirza Share 20 people like this. Remove Ghazala Hassan Allah Mubarak kray !See Translation July 28 at 10:52amBasim Mirza via Mirza International   Edited  We've put together the proven secrets to successful digital marketing in 2015. You'll be surprised. Here it is - the most valuable tool on digital marketing and the best part is, it can be read and implemented in less than 10 minutes - enjoy! Bulletproof Marketing | Click to edit blog.mirzaintl.com|By Basim Mirza 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Basim Mirza   Mom, there's no words to describe how cool you are, and how lucky I am. Ramsha and I are both missing you, and can't wait for you to fly back. We love you!  with Sam Mirza. 26 Likes8 Comments Like  Share 26 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Sam Mirza Thanks Zara Khurshid smile emoticon looking forward to seeing you soon xxx Like  2  May 11 at 7:35am  Edited Zara Khurshid replied  1 Reply Remove Dinaz Farooki The lesser the fuss, the more enjoyable the wedding ! Keep it simple ! Like  1  May 11 at 10:24am Remove Martha Consuegra Your mom is really pretty smile emoticon Like  2  May 11 at 10:34am Remove Sam Mirza Thanks Martha Consuegra :-)) Like  1  May 12 at 12:13amRamsha Ali   I don't know how people can think that relationships lose their spark and become boring over time. When you meet the person you are meant be with, every day feels like unwrapping a new present to learn something new about each other, to overcome a challenge and grow together, and to find a little more love - even when you thought it was impossible to love each other any more than you already do. Basim Mirza heart emoticon Share 32 people like this. 1 share Remove Humyra Hafiz Aww Ma sha Allah! 2  May 4 at 10:49am Remove Zara Khurshid MashAllah:) 1  May 4 at 3:38pmBasim Mirza   It's so surprising that even after 2 years, my book Your Naked Brand still attracts unbelievable attention. I think a lot has to do with the disciplined long-term focus on the campaign itself. Thanks to all of you, this book has been publicized literally everywhere. From being featured in book stores, conferences, large companies, to being endorsed by famous celebrities... It still feels like a dream. This book campaign has kept me so crazy busy and has done so much for my bu...siness that I can only be forever thankful. You would think that after 2 years it would have matured and slowed down, but it is actually more alive than ever. People still ask about it and want to get their hands on a copy. It's been quite a journey... What's changed is that I've become wayyy more focused, and with my amazing fiancee we've been growing the business along with our exceptional clients who I consider to be some of my closest friends. In fact they're like family. Check out this awesome video that Emerge.TO put together to feature me as their speaker. Drop by, I'd love to see you there. See More 2015 Conference Speaker: Basim Mirza An interview with Basim Mirza, founder of Mirza International and speaker at the 2015 Emerge conference. youtube.com 21 Likes1 Comment2 Shares Like  Share 21 people like this. 2 shares Remove Emerge.TO See you April 21 at #EmergeTO Conference! April 18 at 2:42am  Like  1Basim Mirza   Its hard to believe 4 years ago I made this crazy decision to leave a stable banking job to start a business. I remember days where I would look at my bank statements, wondering if I was even going to make it. Fast forward today, those days are long gone. Its almost magical how you consistently work towards your dreams, and they come true. I'm staring out into the rain out of my office window, sitting close to Ramsha as she's working relentlessly on the business. I feel so fortunate to have her as a part of my life, and very soon my family. I honestly don't even know where I would be without her. She doesn't know I'm writing this right now, and I can't help but express how thankful I am for the sacrifices she's made for me, and my dreams. I can't wait to marry this amazing woman, summer is right around the corner! 72 Likes11 Comments Like  Share 72 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Nancy Yousif Aww this makes my heart smile!! Love you and Ramsha!!  xo April 10 at 5:20am  Like  1 Remove Ramsha Ali aaw we love you too smile emoticon April 10 at 5:31am  Like  1 Remove Asad Gagai Very nice yaar April 10 at 6:05am  Like  1 Remove Barbara Quigley-Guerra Blessing.....life is beautiful !! April 10 at 9:57pm  Like  1Basim Mirza   Mom, there's no words to describe how cool you are, and how lucky I am. Ramsha and I are both missing you, and can't wait for you to fly back. We love you!  with Sam Mirza. 26 Likes8 Comments Like  Share 26 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Sam Mirza Thanks Zara Khurshid smile emoticon looking forward to seeing you soon xxx Like  2  May 11 at 7:35am  Edited Zara Khurshid replied  1 Reply Remove Dinaz Farooki The lesser the fuss, the more enjoyable the wedding ! Keep it simple ! Like  1  May 11 at 10:24am Remove Martha Consuegra Your mom is really pretty smile emoticon Like  2  May 11 at 10:34am Remove Sam Mirza Thanks Martha Consuegra :-)) Like  1  May 12 at 12:13amRamsha Ali   I don't know how people can think that relationships lose their spark and become boring over time. When you meet the person you are meant be with, every day feels like unwrapping a new present to learn something new about each other, to overcome a challenge and grow together, and to find a little more love - even when you thought it was impossible to love each other any more than you already do. Basim Mirza heart emoticon Share 32 people like this. 1 share Remove Humyra Hafiz Aww Ma sha Allah! 2  May 4 at 10:49am Remove Zara Khurshid MashAllah:) 1  May 4 at 3:38pmBasim Mirza   It's so surprising that even after 2 years, my book Your Naked Brand still attracts unbelievable attention. I think a lot has to do with the disciplined long-term focus on the campaign itself. Thanks to all of you, this book has been publicized literally everywhere. From being featured in book stores, conferences, large companies, to being endorsed by famous celebrities... It still feels like a dream. This book campaign has kept me so crazy busy and has done so much for my bu...siness that I can only be forever thankful. You would think that after 2 years it would have matured and slowed down, but it is actually more alive than ever. People still ask about it and want to get their hands on a copy. It's been quite a journey... What's changed is that I've become wayyy more focused, and with my amazing fiancee we've been growing the business along with our exceptional clients who I consider to be some of my closest friends. In fact they're like family. Check out this awesome video that Emerge.TO put together to feature me as their speaker. Drop by, I'd love to see you there. See More 2015 Conference Speaker: Basim Mirza An interview with Basim Mirza, founder of Mirza International and speaker at the 2015 Emerge conference. youtube.com 21 Likes1 Comment2 Shares Like  Share 21 people like this. 2 shares Remove Emerge.TO See you April 21 at #EmergeTO Conference! April 18 at 2:42am  Like  1Basim Mirza   Its hard to believe 4 years ago I made this crazy decision to leave a stable banking job to start a business. I remember days where I would look at my bank statements, wondering if I was even going to make it. Fast forward today, those days are long gone. Its almost magical how you consistently work towards your dreams, and they come true. I'm staring out into the rain out of my office window, sitting close to Ramsha as she's working relentlessly on the business. I feel so fortunate to have her as a part of my life, and very soon my family. I honestly don't even know where I would be without her. She doesn't know I'm writing this right now, and I can't help but express how thankful I am for the sacrifices she's made for me, and my dreams. I can't wait to marry this amazing woman, summer is right around the corner! 72 Likes11 Comments Like  Share 72 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Nancy Yousif Aww this makes my heart smile!! Love you and Ramsha!!  xo April 10 at 5:20am  Like  1 Remove Ramsha Ali aaw we love you too smile emoticon April 10 at 5:31am  Like  1 Remove Asad Gagai Very nice yaar April 10 at 6:05am  Like  1 Remove Barbara Quigley-Guerra Blessing.....life is beautiful !! April 10 at 9:57pm  Like  1Like Page Mirza International   Setting up our new office!  feeling excited with Basim Mirza and Ramsha Ali. 9 Likes3 Comments Like  Comment  Share Top Comments 9 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post. Remove Mirza International Thank you Dinaz! Like  Reply  April 1 at 9:32pm Remove Dinaz Farooki Wish you all the best, in your new office ! Like  Reply  1   at 10:10pm View 1 more commentRamsha Ali added 2 new photos.   Surprise Surprise: The two most gorgeous venues - booked for our wedding and reception! smile emoticon  with Basim Mirza. Share 58 people like this. View 18 more comments Remove Juli Yoo Lillianne Pick What a beautiful Venue Ramsha Ali February 2 at 1:51am  1 Remove Ramsha Ali Thanksss Juli Yoo Lillianne Pick heart emoticon February 2 at 1:52am Remove Juli Yoo Lillianne Pick Your gonna make a stunning bride February 2 at 1:53am  1 Remove Ramsha Ali February 2 at 3:34am"
