Azlan Ithnin   Here's a little more info on the new 5k race that New Balance Singapore is putting together. Registration page launching soon over at http://nbrunon.sg/ New Balance Run On Regional Series - Live Low, Race High Take on the challenge of racing in the first ever New Balance Run On regional series, kicking off for the very first time on our sunny shores! Whether youre aiming for a personal best or gathering your best buddies for... azeanic.net|By Azlan Ithnin See more from Azlan Ithnin.Follow 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin   Before the day got all gloomy and what not.  at MacRitchie Tree Top Walk. 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin   Edited  Productive morning! Simple Hydration Nuke Optics  at MacRitchie Nature Trail. 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin shared a link.   Body of 21-year-old woman found at MacRitchie Reservoir SINGAPORE - The body of a 21-year-old woman who went missing at MacRitchie Reservoir on Tuesday (July 28) has been found.. Read more at straitstimes.com. straitstimes.com|By NURULNADIAH MD NOH Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin   Edited  When you first started listening to music and this punk band you were on to started playing some metal. Master Of Puppets - Sum 41 (Metallica Live) if you watch the whole thing you will see that first it is  for whom the bell tolls then enter sandman Then the third song start out with the second solo... youtube.com 2 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Remove Hafiz Fezz I remembered them playing For Whom The Bell Tolls. Dave Baksh is more into metal than punk. Like  Reply  July 28 at 8:12pm Remove Azlan Ithnin Haha yea, as evident on the Chuck album. But he rejoined the band so, see where the future direction of Sum 41 will be. Like  July 28 at 10:19pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin updated his cover photo.   12 Likes Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin shared Team Sky's photo.   Edited  History made! Congrats Chris Froome on being the only Brit to win the Tour de France twice! Team Sky He's done it! Chris Froome crosses the line safely in Paris to confirm victory in the 2015 Tour de France for Team Sky! 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Azlan Ithnin   It's been a while!  at MacRitchie Nature Trail. SaveSaved MacRitchie Nature Trail Park  Singapore, Singapore  4.3  36,321 were here 9 Likes Like  Comment  Share 9 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
