Bc Adamkowski shared Power of God's photo.   #GodPower Power of God As believers I believe we have the greatest change agent known to mankind...God's Word! Learn to feed on it and build it into your inner most consciousness.You ...are undefeatable as you build the Living Word in your soul and body! Just Do it Today! Read,Feed,Study! You can be Changed! No is not forever! John 1; Ephesians 1 & 3; Hebrews 4; Isaiah 55 See More Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bc Adamkowski shared Power of God's photo.   #warcry Power of God We must be aware of the fact that we are wrestling not with flesh and blood...and as witchcraft and the occult increase we must be vigilant and break the power ...of word curses over our lives! We must do it Daily...use the authority in Jesus Name and the break the power of negative words..spoken over you and said by you! Death and Life are in the power of the tongue.Decide today to be in it to Win it! Eph6 Prov18 Isaiah54 See More 4 Likes Like  Comment  Share 4 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bc Adamkowski shared Margie Fleurant Ministries's post.   Margie Fleurant Ministries Father God we pray for this prayer movement that is arising in the church in America. I see it as the size of a mans hand, so we pray that it would quickly GAIN... MOMENTIUIM. We ask that you would anoint us with fresh oil so that our hearts would burn for more of Your manifested presence. May the Spirit of Grace and supplication arise and even fall on the church body as it was in Acts 10:44. We pray that we would be so hungry for You and hungry for Your will to be accomplished that we would lay aside our own agendas and desire and yield to Your Holy Spirit and prayer. Holy Spirit help us. Holy Spirit have Your way. #itstime4theworld See More Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bc Adamkowski shared Margie Fleurant Ministries's post.   Margie Fleurant Ministries Father God we pray for this prayer movement that is arising in the church in America. I see it as the size of a mans hand, so we pray that it would quickly GAIN... MOMENTIUIM. We ask that you would anoint us with fresh oil so that our hearts would burn for more of Your manifested presence. May the Spirit of Grace and supplication arise and even fall on the church body as it was in Acts 10:44. We pray that we would be so hungry for You and hungry for Your will to be accomplished that we would lay aside our own agendas and desire and yield to Your Holy Spirit and prayer. Holy Spirit help us. Holy Spirit have Your way. #itstime4theworld See More Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bc Adamkowski shared Dr. Caroline Leaf's photo.   #powerofthought 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Wil Burkhart likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Bc Adamkowski shared Power of God's photo.   #calledandordained Power of God Ephesians 2;10 You are Gods workmanship Called & Ordained For good works.... Come forth in Jesus Name. Out of the cave. Without the graveclothes. Put on the New Man Today. Renewed in the Image of God. See More Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
