Brent Purves shared a link.   Will Google Punish Your Site If It's Not Mobile-Friendly? Google is about to change its search results. Starting April 21, 2015, mobile-friendly sites will rank higher. Is your site ready? stirmarketing.com ShareBrent Purves shared a link.   5 Ways to Get More Leads from Facebook Its no secret that your business needs to be on Facebook. With over 350 million users and counting, its too large an audience to ignore. This month weve rounded-up four articles to help you improve the results youre getting from your... stirsolutions.com Share 1 shareBrent Purves shared a link.   Top 10 Tips for Improving Website Conversions and Lead Generation for 2015 Is one of your goals for 2015 to improve website conversions and generate more leads for your... stirsolutions.com ShareBrent Purves shared a link.   Marketing Consultant Rates - Vancouver Canada USA UK The fees a consultant charges will depend on different factors including experience, duties, and the standards in the local market. brentpurves.com Share Darian Kovacs likes this.Brent Purves shared a link.   How To Grow Your Business With Online Loyalty Programs Practical advice how businesses & non profits can create online loyalty programs to increase leads, bookings, sales or donations. Get a free consultation brentpurves.com ShareBrent Purves shared a link.   Hotel and Resort Travel Tourism Internet Marketing Agency Worldwide Stir Tourism specializes in developing individualized hotel and resort marketing strategies and services for hotels and resorts around the world. www.stirtourism.com Share 2 people like this. Remove Mel Kaario Like this very much!!! December 11, 2014 at 9:17amBrent Purves shared a link.   Top 10 Tips for Improving Website Conversions and Lead Generation for 2015 Is one of your goals for 2015 to improve website conversions and generate more leads for your business online? Dont rely on Search Engine Optimization (SEO) alone. Here are our top 10 conversion rate optimization tips to help you achieve success: stirsolutions.com ShareBrent Purves shared a link.   Marketing Consultant Rates - Vancouver Canada USA UK The fees a consultant charges will depend on different factors including experience, duties, and the standards in the local market. brentpurves.com Share Darian Kovacs likes this.Brent Purves shared a link.   How To Grow Your Business With Online Loyalty Programs Practical advice how businesses & non profits can create online loyalty programs to increase leads, bookings, sales or donations. Get a free consultation brentpurves.com ShareBrent Purves shared a link.   Hotel and Resort Travel Tourism Internet Marketing Agency Worldwide Stir Tourism specializes in developing individualized hotel and resort marketing strategies and services for hotels and resorts around the world. www.stirtourism.com Share 2 people like this. Remove Mel Kaario Like this very much!!! December 11, 2014 at 9:17am"
