Scott Sadler July 25 at 7:47am  Vox  Scary Chrysler recalls 1.4 million vehicles after hackers show they're flawed After security researchers demonstrated they could hack into a Jeep Cherokee from miles away, its manufacturer is upgrading the vehicle's software. vox.com|By Timothy B Lee 1 Like1 Comment Like  Share Wardell Eugene likes this. Remove Linda Sadler Yes, worse than scary. Worse yet are the rental agencies renting cars with recalls and not pulling them. Like  July 28 at 4:09amScott Sadler   Today, I learned two important things: Space makes eerie sounds, and that Uranus has a moon named Miranda. NASA Actually Recorded Sound In Space, And Its Absolutely Bone Chilling While we see space as a visually mysterious environment and relish in all the amazing photographs of the planets, galaxies, and solar systems, we dont pay a... damn.com 10 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 10 people like this. Remove Miranda Watrous Oooh I knew this! Thanks for the cosmic shout-out Pappa Sadler!  Like  1  July 21 at 11:09am Remove Linda Sadler Wow. Miranda???? Very good sign. Like  July 22 at 1:01amScott Sadler added 5 new photos.   Edited  While the State of NJ is keeping us longer than expected (no bridge closings tho), the NY visit has been a hoot, highlighted by a visit to The Met. Pizza in Little Italy. And a visit to the Rudolf Steiner School on the Upper East Side. Yes, Waldorf Schools are pretty much the same. Even if their building is worth $5 million. 14 Likes Like  Share 14 people like this.Scott Sadler added 6 new photos.   Few people visit Governor's Island, but we found it to be really neat. Boat ride over with great views. Did the obligatory NYSE visit. And used the subway extensively. Still confused. Somehow covered ten miles on foot. Blisters have surrendered to impact and gravity. +2 13 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 13 people like this. Remove Tanya Khotin You covered more in two days than a local would in years and years! Great to see all the pix. Like  1  July 13 at 10:01am Remove Bonnie OBrien I feel like I'm looking at a smaller version of Ben! Darn I miss Colin O'Brien Ben Sadler Kevin Crowley Wells Jones Like  1  July 13 at 10:09am Remove Jessica Rose The boy is smiling today!! Like  1  July 13 at 7:07pmScott Sadler added 4 new photos.   Edited  Stopped at Trinity Church to say a few prayers for some special people in our lives -- a stone's throw from Wall Street and the birthplace of Columbia Univ. Alexander Hamilton buried here. Sports some seriously awesome doors, castings and glass. 13 Likes Like  Share 13 people like this.Scott Sadler added 4 new photos.   A moving visit to WTC. So many people there. Amazing work done to tastefully honor those who lost their lives. 14 Likes Like  Share 14 people like this.Scott Sadler   A beautiful night in NYC  at Empire State Building. 18 Likes Like  Share 18 people like this.Scott Sadler   Edited  More commentary from the rare trip to NYC... Uh oh. Around the corner from the hotel was a top shelf Irish pub. Soccer on the Telly. Smithwick's Irish Red Ale on tap. Bangers and mash as the special of the day. While a picture o' the meal would be a wee bit obscene (six sausages) suffice it to say that Scotty is in man heaven.  16 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 16 people like this. Remove Carol Karuna Lane I can picture it. Like  July 12 at 6:33pm Remove Diana Kamenel Trettin Bangers and mash is one of my all time favorites! Like  1  July 12 at 9:43pm Remove Barbara Murrin Enjoy! Like  July 13 at 11:04amScott Sadler added 5 new photos.   Edited  While the State of NJ is keeping us longer than expected (no bridge closings tho), the NY visit has been a hoot, highlighted by a visit to The Met. Pizza in Little Italy. And a visit to the Rudolf Steiner School on the Upper East Side. Yes, Waldorf Schools are pretty much the same. Even if their building is worth $5 million. 14 Likes Like  Share 14 people like this.Scott Sadler added 6 new photos.   Few people visit Governor's Island, but we found it to be really neat. Boat ride over with great views. Did the obligatory NYSE visit. And used the subway extensively. Still confused. Somehow covered ten miles on foot. Blisters have surrendered to impact and gravity. +2 13 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 13 people like this. Remove Tanya Khotin You covered more in two days than a local would in years and years! Great to see all the pix. Like  1  July 13 at 10:01am Remove Bonnie OBrien I feel like I'm looking at a smaller version of Ben! Darn I miss Colin O'Brien Ben Sadler Kevin Crowley Wells Jones Like  1  July 13 at 10:09am Remove Jessica Rose The boy is smiling today!! Like  1  July 13 at 7:07pmScott Sadler added 4 new photos.   Edited  Stopped at Trinity Church to say a few prayers for some special people in our lives -- a stone's throw from Wall Street and the birthplace of Columbia Univ. Alexander Hamilton buried here. Sports some seriously awesome doors, castings and glass. 13 Likes Like  Share 13 people like this.Scott Sadler added 4 new photos.   A moving visit to WTC. So many people there. Amazing work done to tastefully honor those who lost their lives. 14 Likes Like  Share 14 people like this.Scott Sadler   A beautiful night in NYC  at Empire State Building. 18 Likes Like  Share 18 people like this.Scott Sadler   Edited  More commentary from the rare trip to NYC... Uh oh. Around the corner from the hotel was a top shelf Irish pub. Soccer on the Telly. Smithwick's Irish Red Ale on tap. Bangers and mash as the special of the day. While a picture o' the meal would be a wee bit obscene (six sausages) suffice it to say that Scotty is in man heaven.  16 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 16 people like this. Remove Carol Karuna Lane I can picture it. Like  July 12 at 6:33pm Remove Diana Kamenel Trettin Bangers and mash is one of my all time favorites! Like  1  July 12 at 9:43pm Remove Barbara Murrin Enjoy! Like  July 13 at 11:04am"
