Charity Jennings changed her profile picture.   Share 68 people like this. View 6 more comments Remove Susan Erdel Atkins Hi Charity. You are looking great! April 10 at 4:41am Remove Nicole Nudd Heiser Good to see you today! April 10 at 10:58am Remove Patricia Wick You look amazing! April 10 at 11:01am Remove Kathy Gillespie Butler Beautiful! June 8 at 6:40amCharity Jennings changed her profile picture.   Share 4 people like this.Charity Jennings   Inspiring story from one of our illustrious alums! #IAmAPhoenix #UOPX Vonn Banks - Home I am Evelyn Vonn Banks, and I was born in the hills of Tennessee and raised in the cotton fields of Mississippi. I recently retired from the military after 30 years as the senior most enlisted female in the United States Navy. As such, it is with much... www.vonnbanks.com Share 3 people like this. 1 shareCharity Jennings   We are seeking an Instructional Designer that has experience managing a course/program through its life cycle a creative problem-solver with the ability to collaborate, to refresh current and develop new curriculum and program design activities for the College of Information Systems & Technology (IS&T). The ideal candidate will be able to clearly describe and identify the current and future state of IS&T curriculum (online & ground) to drive activities associated with the de...velopment, evaluation, assessment, and internal operations of academic programs, courses, and/or product lines. This role may be remote and or located in Tempe, AZ depending on multiple factors. To learn more about the position go online to http://www.jobs-apollo.com/search?search=14512 If you and or a colleague has a question about this opportunity I want to introduce you to Steve Morley, one of the Sr. Recruiters on my team. He is available to answer your questions about the role and the College. Steve Morley, Sr. Staff Recruiter University of Phoenix Talent Acquisition | Human Resources Office: 602-557-9172 | http://www.linkedin.com/in/alwaysfishing steve.morley@phoenix.edu See More Apollo Education Group | Jobs | Search results for jobs-apollo.com Share 7 people like this. Remove Carolyn Triano This really sounds interesting, Charity. April 29 at 9:56am Remove Michael K Prator Charity - I have en excellent candidate for you. April 29 at 10:25am  1"
