Christi Richards   Happy Sysadmin Day!!! IT Issues: 17 Problems all SysAdmins will understand If you work in IT, you face unique challenges that other people don't necessarily understand. Whether we're talki... | 188 replies | SysAdminDay and Water Cooler community.spiceworks.com|By Spiceworks, Inc. 7 Likes Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   Edited  The next time some guy sends a wave of vitriol through your headset during an online match, think of it this way: he might just be a low-performing male compensating for his lack of skill. ...OR just clambag his ass and move on. Ain't nobody got time for that. grin emoticon Study: Online gaming losers are more likely to harass women Players send more negative comments to female teammates when playing badly. arstechnica.com|By Kyle Orland 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   6 Likes3 Comments Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Daniel J. Garnes Ha. I'm that person too. December 24, 2014 at 8:03am  Like Remove Mike Pietruszka That nmap screen has bad syntax December 27, 2014 at 9:49am  Like Remove Jacob Frederick type in: 'ls -al'. there you go, youve just hacked the NSA December 27, 2014 at 10:07am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   *SQUEE* Fan creates free archive of almost every Nine Inch Nails show ever 527 GB of live music, and it's all for free. consequenceofsound.net 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Mike Valencia likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   The Uber app calls home and sends private data back to Uber. This isnt typical app data, though. Uber is sending back users entire SMSLog even though the app never requests permission. It also sends call history, Wi-Fi connections used, GPS locations and every type of device ID possible. The app even checks your neighbors Wi-Fi and sends back info on the routers capabilities, frequency and SSID. Uber's data-sucking Android app is dangerously close to malware | Cult of Mac You might want to think twice before giving Uber your data. Photo: Uber Uber has been sideswiped by a ridiculous number of controversies lately, but things cultofmac.com 2 Comments Like  Comment  Share Remove Lisa Lewis How do we stop it?  at 12:01pm  Like Remove Christi Richards Uninstall it or if it was bundled in an update - disable it if you're not rooted. Here's how to get rid of your account with them: http://www.dailydot.com/technology/how-to-uninstall-uber/ It's harder to uninstall Uber than you think It's more complicated than just deleting the app. dailydot.com  at 12:24pm  Like  1 Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards was at Utopia, Youngstown, Ohio.   SaveSaved Utopia, Youngstown, Ohio Neighborhood 1,057 were here 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   grin emoticon  at Magic Tree Pub & Eatery. SaveSaved Magic Tree Pub & Eatery American Restaurant  Boardman, OH, United States  4.3  12,761 were here 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards via Ars Technica   On Wednesday Chester Nez, one of the 29 original Navajo code talkers who worked for the US during WWII sending secret messages in their native language, died in his home in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Chester Nez, last of the original Navajo code talkers, dies at 93 Navajo was one of the few languages that Japanese code breakers failed to crack. arstechnica.com|By Megan Geuss 3 Likes1 Share Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. 1 share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   6 Likes3 Comments Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Daniel J. Garnes Ha. I'm that person too. December 24, 2014 at 8:03am  Like Remove Mike Pietruszka That nmap screen has bad syntax December 27, 2014 at 9:49am  Like Remove Jacob Frederick type in: 'ls -al'. there you go, youve just hacked the NSA December 27, 2014 at 10:07am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   *SQUEE* Fan creates free archive of almost every Nine Inch Nails show ever 527 GB of live music, and it's all for free. consequenceofsound.net 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Mike Valencia likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   The Uber app calls home and sends private data back to Uber. This isnt typical app data, though. Uber is sending back users entire SMSLog even though the app never requests permission. It also sends call history, Wi-Fi connections used, GPS locations and every type of device ID possible. The app even checks your neighbors Wi-Fi and sends back info on the routers capabilities, frequency and SSID. Uber's data-sucking Android app is dangerously close to malware | Cult of Mac You might want to think twice before giving Uber your data. Photo: Uber Uber has been sideswiped by a ridiculous number of controversies lately, but things cultofmac.com 2 Comments Like  Comment  Share Remove Lisa Lewis How do we stop it?  at 12:01pm  Like Remove Christi Richards Uninstall it or if it was bundled in an update - disable it if you're not rooted. Here's how to get rid of your account with them: http://www.dailydot.com/technology/how-to-uninstall-uber/ It's harder to uninstall Uber than you think It's more complicated than just deleting the app. dailydot.com  at 12:24pm  Like  1 Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards was at Utopia, Youngstown, Ohio.   SaveSaved Utopia, Youngstown, Ohio Neighborhood 1,057 were here 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards   grin emoticon  at Magic Tree Pub & Eatery. SaveSaved Magic Tree Pub & Eatery American Restaurant  Boardman, OH, United States  4.3  12,761 were here 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Christi Richards via Ars Technica   On Wednesday Chester Nez, one of the 29 original Navajo code talkers who worked for the US during WWII sending secret messages in their native language, died in his home in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Chester Nez, last of the original Navajo code talkers, dies at 93 Navajo was one of the few languages that Japanese code breakers failed to crack. arstechnica.com|By Megan Geuss 3 Likes1 Share Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. 1 share Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
