David Swaddle   Time for lunch in a restaurant older than the country I currently live in. It feels good to be back in London. 24 Likes6 Comments Like  Share 24 people like this. View 2 more comments Remove Sophie Duport Are you around? Like  July 24 at 12:38am Remove David Swaddle Yes, for a few days. Like  July 24 at 1:44am Remove Kate Bills Welcome back!! Like  July 24 at 2:36am Remove Maribel Pons Pallas Ohh lucky you!, we wish you to enjoy your stay in London very very much!!! Like  July 24 at 4:34am Remove Neil Parkin How long for? Like  July 24 at 5:21amDavid Swaddle July 20 at 10:14am  Sydney, Australia  So this is what happens when an Aussies and South Africans get together! Surfer Mick Fanning escapes shark attack in South Africa - BBC News An Australian surfer makes an incredible escape after encountering two sharks during a competition in South Africa. bbc.com 1 Like Like  Share Valrie Carlioz likes this.David Swaddle shared Finding Robert Makgill's photo.   Finding Robert Makgill changed their profile picture. My lovely brother Robert is missing, we haven't been able to locate him for over a week. If you've seen him, or know someone who might have seen him, please sha...re this so that we can get the message out for him to get in touch. We just want to know he's ok. UPDATE: He was last seen in the Bruton area of Somerset on Wednesday night, he left the house overnight and was headed in the direction of London. His phone has been off since then it would seem. He was supposed to be getting a lift from 'a friend' but we don't know whom. See More Like  ShareDavid Swaddle shared Kylee Maree Trezise-Brown's photo.   Kylee Maree Trezise-Brown FOUND FOUND FOUND FOUND FOUND.. Thankyou everyone for your help, He has been found safe & well. Xo Friends, Family & fellow Facebookers, can you please HELP. ... This is my brother Peter Trezise he is travelling alone on a trail bike from SA to QLD he was last known to be leaving William Creek & travelling through the Strzelecki Track to Cameron's Corner & was expected to be home in QLD by now. He is uncontactable & hasn't been in contact with my dad since last Thursday July 9th 2015 which is out of character for him, he has not been in contact with any friends or family or the group he departed from, we are concerned about his where abouts & would like to know that he is ok. He is riding a SUZUKI DR 650 black & white trail bike registration 561 DK. Contact your local police station if you have any information. Please share & help us find Pete. X See More Like  ShareDavid Swaddle shared I fucking love science's photo.   I fucking love science Uh-oh. 9 Likes Like  Share 9 people like this.David Swaddle via TEDxMacquarieUniversity   I'm going. Anyone else fancy seeing what Sydney's student think? TEDxMacquarieUniversity | Ideas worth spreading Countdown to TEDxMacquarieUniversity 2015 on the 26th of September! tedxmacquarieuniversity.com Like  ShareDavid Swaddle updated his cover photo.   2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.David Swaddle changed his profile picture.   30 Likes7 Comments Like  Share 30 people like this. View 3 more comments Remove Nick Perry Why am I thinking of Pink by Aerosmith? Like  July 10 at 7:26pm Remove Nick Perry That'll be why! Like  1  July 10 at 7:26pm Remove Marta Larravide Villagrn You two look exactly the same... Like  1  July 11 at 5:13am Remove Maribel Pons Pallas Who's the haappiest? Like  1  July 11 at 8:06am"
