Waqar Hameed   Vim's 400 line function to wait for keyboard input Geoff's site: Vim Hall of WTF This function is over 400 lines and contains over 40 #ifdefs. Its job? To wait for keyboard input. Several factors caused this code to be so insane. geoff.greer.fm|By Geoff Greer 1 Like Like  Share Altaf Saleem likes this.Waqar Hameed shared a link.   The wars that inspired Game of Thrones - Alex Gendler Beginning around 1377, medieval England was shaken by a power struggle between two noble families, which spanned generations and involved a massive cast of characters, complex motives and shifting loyalties. Sound familiar? Alex... ed.ted.com 1 Like Like  Share Altaf Saleem likes this.Waqar Hameed   BUILD is back Microsoft Build Developer Conference Microsoft Build Developer Conference: The Next Generation of Modern Apps. Join us   May 1, 2015 San Francisco, CA buildwindows.com Like  ShareWaqar Hameed shared a link.   Free calls to land lines and mobiles in Nepal In light of the devastating events that have taken place in Nepal - and the subsequent impact to the local communications infrastructure - we are making all Skype calls to landlines and mobiles in and out of Nepal free of charge, with immediate effect.... blogs.skype.com 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Waqar Hameed shared a link.   Free calls to land lines and mobiles in Nepal In light of the devastating events that have taken place in Nepal - and the subsequent impact to the local communications infrastructure - we are making all Skype calls to landlines and mobiles in and out of Nepal free of charge, with immediate effect. Since no one knows the full extent of the devas blogs.skype.com 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Likes  2014 MSN TED+61Waqar Hameed likes an article on Gizmodo. November 30, 2013  Gizmodo  Relax everyone, it's changed to *password* now! For 20 Years the Nuclear Launch Code at US Minuteman Silos Was 00000000 Today I found out that during the height of the Cold War, the US military put such an emphasis on a rapid response to an attack on American soil, that to minimize any... Gizmodo 6 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 6 people like this. Remove Faisal Ali 12345678 may be ?? December 1, 2013 at 2:57pm  Like Remove Qazi Usman Najeeb smile emoticon December 1, 2013 at 6:55pm  LikeLikes  2013 Facebook Hacker Cup Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa+71"
