Fabian Estrada July 29 at 10:08pm  Yuma, AZ, United States  Does Meredith from Grey's Anatomy always have to sound like she's been chain smoking for 40 years? ShareFabian Estrada   Edited  Trump is not just a windbag. Yes, he can be that. But much of what he says is also really toxic. It smothers kindness and compassion, without adding any thoughtful, constructive policy solutions. Some might argue that at least it sparks debate. Perhaps, but it also inflames the worst emotions in people. Any thoughts? Donald Trump: What it means for U.S. image (Opinion) - CNN.com Donald trump's quick rise demonstrates how a politician can manipulate the electorate, particularly when the field is so large and divided. www.cnn.com|By Frida Ghitis Share Fernando Estrada likes this. Remove Alex Brooks He's a nasty guy 1  July 27 at 3:40pmFabian Estrada July 24 at 9:54am  Phoenix, AZ, United States  I think sometimes media companies should stop and take a look at how other media companies are covering issues. It's so interesting how different Spanish news networks handle immigration stories compared to English news networks here in the US How Univision and Telemundo covered Donald Trumps visit to the border The business magnate's visit to the U.S.-Mexico border earned outsized coverage from two Spanish-language broadcasts with outsized influence. washingtonpost.com|By Ed O'Keefe See more from Ed O'Keefe.Like Share 4 people like this. Remove Diamond Zamora Plan to watch this later when I'm not in class. Lol 1  July 25 at 1:02am Remove Fabian Estrada Have fun in class! tongue emoticon July 25 at 1:05amFabian Estrada   Look at the sunset from today Share 2 people like this.Fabian Estrada   The island music on this plane while we're waiting in the plane is going to be the festival of me. Come on US Airways! Share Kimberly Castro likes this.Fabian Estrada added 5 new photos.   Visited a memorial yesterday, which was super cool Share Kimberly Castro likes this.Fabian Estrada added 3 new photos.   Edited  We went to a replica Buddhist temple yesterday  with Ernestina Rivas-Estrada and Fernando Estrada. Share 8 people like this. Remove Olga Edilia Silva Sotelo WaaawwwwwSee Translation July 23 at 7:06am Remove Teresa Lomeli Padilla Ke marabillaSee Translation July 23 at 9:32pm Remove Rosy Rivas Hermoso lugarSee Translation July 23 at 10:15pm Fernando Estrada replied  1 ReplyFabian Estrada July 24 at 9:54am  Phoenix, AZ, United States  I think sometimes media companies should stop and take a look at how other media companies are covering issues. It's so interesting how different Spanish news networks handle immigration stories compared to English news networks here in the US How Univision and Telemundo covered Donald Trumps visit to the border The business magnate's visit to the U.S.-Mexico border earned outsized coverage from two Spanish-language broadcasts with outsized influence. washingtonpost.com|By Ed O'Keefe See more from Ed O'Keefe.Like Share 4 people like this. Remove Diamond Zamora Plan to watch this later when I'm not in class. Lol 1  July 25 at 1:02am Remove Fabian Estrada Have fun in class! tongue emoticon July 25 at 1:05amFabian Estrada   Look at the sunset from today Share 2 people like this.Fabian Estrada   The island music on this plane while we're waiting in the plane is going to be the festival of me. Come on US Airways! Share Kimberly Castro likes this.Fabian Estrada added 5 new photos.   Visited a memorial yesterday, which was super cool Share Kimberly Castro likes this.Fabian Estrada added 3 new photos.   Edited  We went to a replica Buddhist temple yesterday  with Ernestina Rivas-Estrada and Fernando Estrada. Share 8 people like this. Remove Olga Edilia Silva Sotelo WaaawwwwwSee Translation July 23 at 7:06am Remove Teresa Lomeli Padilla Ke marabillaSee Translation July 23 at 9:32pm Remove Rosy Rivas Hermoso lugarSee Translation July 23 at 10:15pm Fernando Estrada replied  1 Reply"
