Faruq Hunter   And here is the grub. Old German happy food. Taste like the awesome authentic food my Aliyyah Terborg cooks at home. Good eating. 6 Likes Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter added 6 new photos.   Look where God landed me. This 1850 restoration of a firehouse converted to a brewery is awesome. Tongue and groove beams, hand milled tables, Brick walls, cedar brewing barrels, a traditional brewing process (I'm drinking the local ginger ale, you can taste the ginger bug), locally milled hardwood floors and hand layer brick floors. If you wanna know the kind of restaurant we will be building in Freedom Village, this is it. +2 20 Likes4 Comments4 Shares Like  Comment  Share 20 people like this. 4 shares Remove Aliyyah Terborg Beautiful architecture July 30 at 4:11am  Like Remove Gerard Sanders Where is this? July 30 at 4:15am  Like Remove Aliyyah Terborg Ohio Gerard Sanders July 30 at 4:22am  Like Remove Gerard Sanders Cool! July 30 at 4:22am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   The boys are back in town...... 56 Likes4 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 56 people like this. 1 share Remove Janiele Lewis ....and now the stories and skill sharing begins... Like  Reply  July 28 at 11:22am Remove Zakiya Shareef-Givens Ah Bah humbugs! I'm not there to greet them. Missed you Deen Johnston. #MyNephewIsDoperThanYours Like  Reply  2  July 28 at 11:46am Remove Karimah Terborg Yay! Hope you guys learned a lot! Like  Reply  July 28 at 11:53am Remove Faruq Hunter Zakiya Shareef-Givens Deen and the girls are here at the house the whole day. Come by and see em Like  Reply  July 28 at 6:53pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter shared his photo.   Edited  We love this couple - Kushtrim Mehmetaj and Aliyyah Terborg - I hope they never forget it. They are my family. I pray that you all are getting along okay in Austria. i hope Kushtrim Mehmetaj will help me return to Kosovo to build the community he has always dreamed of living in. Faruq Hunter Wonderful lunch with Genius Consulting General Manager for Kosovo and his wife Caltrina 6 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Kushtrim Mehmetaj So many things have happened since these lovely days when this picture was taken. Like  Reply  July 28 at 5:17am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter shared Chil-p's video.   when do we have a final stand against this crap? 0:00/4:24 Watch Later Chil-p with Ishaan Dev Singla and 12 others F2P... 3 Likes8 Comments Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Faruq Hunter if these degenerates are the exception then the police need to do a better job at policing themselves. However the fact that it is so widespread speaks to a culture not a couple of bad cops Like  Reply  3  July 27 at 8:03pm Remove Michel Loisel Sadly, I think we're witnessing the fall of the USA empire... But we need to keep things in perspective. There are millions of police interventions in the states each year. The big majority of those are made by professionnal police officers who do a great job. Yes, those negative events are horible and must be adressed. But lets not throw the baby with the baths water... wink emoticon Like  Reply  July 27 at 8:39pm Remove Ayesha K Mustafaa True Michael Loisel. If I'm facing trouble, first call I make is to 911, then to a relative (with a gun). But this is near epidemic proportions - a wall of blue turning its back on the mayor of NYC for the only call the mayor could have made in those c...See More Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 12:28am Remove Carrington Dark If u make a man sad, he will complain , if u make man mad he will make a change!!! The world is in need of change! Let's do this!!! Like  Reply  July 28 at 3:00am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   Remembering the Roma people in Hungary. I haven't forgot about you Ilona Nilona So si?  Na, mi van?  The man who hasnt forgotten where he came from A Fggetlen Mdiakzpont nemzetkzi multimdis gyrtsi programjnak weboldala, romktl romkrl, nem csak romknak. sosinet.hu 12 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. Remove Samah Aliyy Awesome interview brother Like  Reply  July 27 at 10:57am Remove Ilona Nilona Thank you for the honor, dear Faruq Hunter. Your work and your mission is very important, I wish you power, endurance and happyness! Like  Reply  July 27 at 4:39pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   The boys are back in town...... 56 Likes4 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 56 people like this. 1 share Remove Janiele Lewis ....and now the stories and skill sharing begins... Like  Reply  July 28 at 11:22am Remove Zakiya Shareef-Givens Ah Bah humbugs! I'm not there to greet them. Missed you Deen Johnston. #MyNephewIsDoperThanYours Like  Reply  2  July 28 at 11:46am Remove Karimah Terborg Yay! Hope you guys learned a lot! Like  Reply  July 28 at 11:53am Remove Faruq Hunter Zakiya Shareef-Givens Deen and the girls are here at the house the whole day. Come by and see em Like  Reply  July 28 at 6:53pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter shared his photo.   Edited  We love this couple - Kushtrim Mehmetaj and Aliyyah Terborg - I hope they never forget it. They are my family. I pray that you all are getting along okay in Austria. i hope Kushtrim Mehmetaj will help me return to Kosovo to build the community he has always dreamed of living in. Faruq Hunter Wonderful lunch with Genius Consulting General Manager for Kosovo and his wife Caltrina 6 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Remove Kushtrim Mehmetaj So many things have happened since these lovely days when this picture was taken. Like  Reply  July 28 at 5:17am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter shared Chil-p's video.   when do we have a final stand against this crap? 0:00/4:24 Watch Later Chil-p with Ishaan Dev Singla and 12 others F2P... 3 Likes8 Comments Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Faruq Hunter if these degenerates are the exception then the police need to do a better job at policing themselves. However the fact that it is so widespread speaks to a culture not a couple of bad cops Like  Reply  3  July 27 at 8:03pm Remove Michel Loisel Sadly, I think we're witnessing the fall of the USA empire... But we need to keep things in perspective. There are millions of police interventions in the states each year. The big majority of those are made by professionnal police officers who do a great job. Yes, those negative events are horible and must be adressed. But lets not throw the baby with the baths water... wink emoticon Like  Reply  July 27 at 8:39pm Remove Ayesha K Mustafaa True Michael Loisel. If I'm facing trouble, first call I make is to 911, then to a relative (with a gun). But this is near epidemic proportions - a wall of blue turning its back on the mayor of NYC for the only call the mayor could have made in those c...See More Like  Reply  1  July 28 at 12:28am Remove Carrington Dark If u make a man sad, he will complain , if u make man mad he will make a change!!! The world is in need of change! Let's do this!!! Like  Reply  July 28 at 3:00am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   Remembering the Roma people in Hungary. I haven't forgot about you Ilona Nilona So si?  Na, mi van?  The man who hasnt forgotten where he came from A Fggetlen Mdiakzpont nemzetkzi multimdis gyrtsi programjnak weboldala, romktl romkrl, nem csak romknak. sosinet.hu 12 Likes2 Comments Like  Comment  Share 12 people like this. Remove Samah Aliyy Awesome interview brother Like  Reply  July 27 at 10:57am Remove Ilona Nilona Thank you for the honor, dear Faruq Hunter. Your work and your mission is very important, I wish you power, endurance and happyness! Like  Reply  July 27 at 4:39pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   My father in-law has kept up the old oil trade on this corner for thirty years. For my father, my wife's father and many American men from their generation who converted to Islam in the 70's, selling natural body oils was a way to maintain the covenants of the religion without having to work for people that would not let them take time to pray and were bias against their beliefs. In many ways these oils allowed us to be Muslim and eat at the same time. 70 Likes13 Comments2 Shares Like  Comment  Share 70 people like this. 2 shares View 9 more comments Remove Altheida Downs Alhumidiallah July 26 at 8:49am  Like Remove Karimah Terborg Awww Zaneta Parker Simpson that's so sweet thanks July 26 at 10:47am  Like  1 Remove Ihsan Muhammad My abu as well.... and now the next gen is taking it to the next level, like Abu Zaid Uqdah, et al July 26 at 12:22pm  Like  2 Remove Radzyyah Muhammad As Ibn Battuta did with the frankincense trade. A good attar is more valued than an ounce of pure gold. July 26 at 6:15pm  Like  1 Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   My new desktop - made from the trees in my backyard. They will continue to love here even after being cut to make room fir the sheep (coming soon). Now I have to finish the hanging shelves. 47 Likes8 Comments Like  Comment  Share 47 people like this. View 4 more comments Remove Rufus-Jenny Triplett Looks great!!! That sanding work tho...wow!!! Like  Reply  2  July 25 at 8:58am Remove Angela Mahdi Adams Looks great bro. We need to learn how to do that. Like  Reply  1  July 25 at 9:02am Remove Denise L. White Beautiful, simply beautiful. Like  Reply  1  July 25 at 10:16am Remove Asiyah U. Rashid Awesome! Like  Reply  July 25 at 9:38pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   My office is still a serious mess but after three months of cutting the trees, milling, drying, planing, building, gluing and sanding my first desk I in the office. Tie is poplar table top with pine legs. These two trees sat together for 30 years in my backyard. We cut the to have room for our farm animals and to give sunlight to the crops. The rest of the pine is still serving as a bridge for dear over the stream out back. I love this. 32 Likes19 Comments Like  Comment  Share 32 people like this. View 15 more comments Remove Abdul Latif Muhammad Great Work... Faruq Hunter If you was to duplicate the work desk, how would you proce it, Like  Reply  July 24 at 9:21pm Remove Faruq Hunter I actualy created two identical desk and put them together to create a ten foot desk. It is beautiful. I also cut wood for a shelving system to go over it. Like  Reply  1  July 24 at 11:51pm Remove Faruq Hunter This is the closest comparable tabletop I could find. We essentially built two of these along with an 80 year old pine for the base. http://www.custommade.com/pine-joist-table/by/markjupiter/ Reclaimed Pine Industrial Joist Table Manifest the one-of-a-kind charm of New York City architecture through this large industrial-style table. The top is sourced from Pine reclaimed from  custommade.com Like  Reply  July 25 at 12:18am Remove Faruq Hunter Poplar is about the same price as reclaimed pine when it is treated properly. I sun dried the poplar over three months Like  Reply  1  July 25 at 12:37am  Edited Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter shared I Love Being Black's video.   I love Being Black 0:00/6:16 Watch Later I Love Being Black with Sanders Lee Ronald and 48 others Smokey lays out his view on Black people, Americans, and Africa in a poetic and funny way. 10 Likes3 Comments Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. Remove Charles Abdul-Hakeem Yes! Like  Reply  July 23 at 1:54pm Remove Douglas Henry True! Call me black! Like  Reply  July 23 at 8:19pm Remove Alan Mott Love how he addressed this. Like  Reply  1  July 23 at 10:47pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   Good morning mustard greens, tomatoes and basil. Did you know that a vegetable or fruit looses 50% of its natural sweetness within four hours of being picked? There is no way I can describe how this taste. 32 Likes8 Comments1 Share Like  Comment  Share 32 people like this. 1 share View 4 more comments Remove Akanke AlwaysAscending Congratulations brother, Faruq Hunter. I'm green with envy in a good way. Ive tried with little success to garden here in Saudi. And I'm tired of getting almost tasteless fruit from the markets here. May Allah make your garden produce abundantly and beautifully. Ameen! Like  Reply  July 21 at 10:33pm  Edited Remove Shadeed Swanson Shop we should have our own gardens and eat fresh right. I'm with that Like  Reply  July 21 at 11:05pm Remove Amir Rasheane Hey, we would love some greens bro. Our maters are doing well. Something is snipping at our basil, I think it's a rabbit Like  Reply  July 23 at 3:03am Remove Faruq Hunter That means the basil is bait. have Isa sit outside and do some hunting and you have roasted rabbit and roasted tomatoes Like  Reply  July 23 at 3:13am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Faruq Hunter   Good morning tomatoes!!! Can you say tomato basil omelet for breakfast. Farm fresh for real. 16 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 16 people like this. Remove Janet Mahdi Tomato Basil soup for lunch with a grilled cheese sandwich on Texas toast. Yeah, that sounds about right! Like  Reply  1  July 22 at 6:27pm Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
