Gene Taylor added 5 new photos.   Like many, I have been watching the news about this dentist and his taking of Cecil, the Kalahari Black Mane Lion in Zimbabwe. I can't quite come up with the words to describe how sad it makes me that someone hunting on a full stomach can find joy in trophy killing, NOT taking an animal as majestic as this. I have walked the African plains in seven different countries and in my travels, I have come across countless lions. Here are a few pictures of the same species of cat that this guy found pleasure in torturing, killing, beheading and skinning just to say he did it! I just don't get it.  with Joanne Young and JoAnn Taylor. 77 Likes22 Comments4 Shares Like  Comment  Share 77 people like this. 4 shares View 18 more comments Remove Kay Cooke Farsarakis I found his use of the word 'taking' infuriating. The man and his 'taking peers' have big time problems. If only 'taking' wild animals could be outlawed. Like  Reply  2  17 hrs Remove Nance Rutkowski Lets ask patients in Minnesota to boycott his practice Like  Reply  2  14 hrs Remove Tim Sullivan Disgusting- hope he loses his practice and can't sell his trophies! Like  Reply  2  13 hrs Remove Dominic Hon Chi Chan We should stop it! This is not a game! Like  Reply  2  13 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Gene Taylor   Tonight's Arizona sunset from our backyard. 69 Likes13 Comments Like  Comment  Share 69 people like this. View 9 more comments Remove Janet Kummer Oh that is just gorgeous! Like  Reply  1  23 hrs Remove Joyce Russell Regarding the 110 degrees...that's why all the desert dwellers are in my town during the summer months... Like  Reply  1  22 hrs Remove Diane McLaughlin Majestic! Hope this finds you and JoAnn well and enjoying summer. Like  Reply  1  19 hrs Remove Gene Taylor Thanks Diane. Headed to No. Rim of Grand Canyon tomorrow and most of Sept. & Oct. in Hawaii, Scotland, Ireland & England. Hope you are killing it in real estate. Seems like your timing is good. Cheers! Like  18 hrs Remove Diane McLaughlin Sounds like fun! I'd love to get together with you and JoAnn when you are in town - just to catch up. Real estate is going well. If you know anyone who is looking to buy or sell a home, I would really appreciate your referral. My goal is to be as good...See More Like  Reply  1  18 hrs Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Clark KotulaGene Taylor July 21 at 9:35pm  San Rafael, CA, United States  Honored to call you my friend big man! Gene Taylor likes this. Remove Gene Taylor Thanks Clark. Another walk in our desert soon perhaps? This time, no bees! July 22 at 12:37pmKenneth JacobsGene Taylor July 21 at 6:04pm  Caledonia, Canada  Sago Gene! I love ice cream! Maple walnut buddy! 2 people like this. Remove Gene Taylor Hey Kenneth! Hope to see you, Gus and Kath some time! I'm not sure I have seen your area in CA but know that with those two, it's full of good people. Haven't had Maple Walnut since I was a kid! 1  July 22 at 12:16pmCarole WoodGene Taylor July 21 at 5:57pm  Harrison, AR, United States  Hey Gene! I am Marcie's Aunt Carole!!! I enjoy seeing all your pictures of your travels!!!! I hope to meet you and your lovely wife one day!!!! Thank you for being a friend! 3 people like this. Remove Marcie Southerland Gene. It's my Aunt Carole. She loves to travel. We will take her to New York City with us! 1  July 22 at 11:02am Remove Gene Taylor Hey Aunt Carol! Thanks for friending! Look forward to seeing you in NYC and thanks for your kind words on my pics. I love sharing them! 1  July 22 at 12:13pmAnna Maria TruskyGene Taylor   Hi, Gene! 2 people like this. Remove Gene Taylor Cheers Anna Maria! With the dozen new friends I got today because of Jo Ann, I feel like an alum of Catholic Central. 1  July 22 at 12:20pm Remove Anna Maria Trusky You can be an honorary alum, Gene! smile emoticon 2  July 23 at 12:00amClark KotulaGene Taylor July 21 at 9:35pm  San Rafael, CA, United States  Honored to call you my friend big man! Gene Taylor likes this. Remove Gene Taylor Thanks Clark. Another walk in our desert soon perhaps? This time, no bees! July 22 at 12:37pmKenneth JacobsGene Taylor July 21 at 6:04pm  Caledonia, Canada  Sago Gene! I love ice cream! Maple walnut buddy! 2 people like this. Remove Gene Taylor Hey Kenneth! Hope to see you, Gus and Kath some time! I'm not sure I have seen your area in CA but know that with those two, it's full of good people. Haven't had Maple Walnut since I was a kid! 1  July 22 at 12:16pmCarole WoodGene Taylor July 21 at 5:57pm  Harrison, AR, United States  Hey Gene! I am Marcie's Aunt Carole!!! I enjoy seeing all your pictures of your travels!!!! I hope to meet you and your lovely wife one day!!!! Thank you for being a friend! 3 people like this. Remove Marcie Southerland Gene. It's my Aunt Carole. She loves to travel. We will take her to New York City with us! 1  July 22 at 11:02am Remove Gene Taylor Hey Aunt Carol! Thanks for friending! Look forward to seeing you in NYC and thanks for your kind words on my pics. I love sharing them! 1  July 22 at 12:13pmAnna Maria TruskyGene Taylor   Hi, Gene! 2 people like this. Remove Gene Taylor Cheers Anna Maria! With the dozen new friends I got today because of Jo Ann, I feel like an alum of Catholic Central. 1  July 22 at 12:20pm Remove Anna Maria Trusky You can be an honorary alum, Gene! smile emoticon 2  July 23 at 12:00am"
