Januarie Appley Wood shared her photo.   Januarie Appley Wood Local friends please share then inbox me your email and I'll send you a weight release mp3 Like  ShareJanuarie Appley Wood shared The ManKind Project's photo.   The ManKind Project Can you do it? What will happen? smile emoticon 4 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 4 people like this. Remove Sheri Craig That sounds really hard to do..I mean, i would try but I'm just so tired from working all day and then I come home and I have more work to do.... Like  July 30 at 8:44am Remove Januarie Appley Wood I know! Like  July 30 at 11:30amJanuarie Appley Wood July 28 at 10:21pm  Seattle, WA, United States  Lol 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Januarie Appley Wood shared a link.   Petition: Don't Allow Whales to be Slaughtered off the Washington Coast! The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) is inappropriately considering allowing gray whales to be... thepetitionsite.com 1 Like2 Comments Like  Share Evan Glassett likes this. Remove Evan Glassett Agreed Like  July 29 at 12:25pm Remove Laura Hardenbrook Well, maybe. I think I still agree that the hunt should be stopped, but when I read what the hunt was theoretically about - the Native American Makah tribe asserting it's historical rights to hunt up to 5 whales a year with harpoons (and a. 50 Cal gun ...See More Washington state tribe's whale hunting request triggers new backlash A Native American tribe's request to resume its sacred canoe and harpoon hunts of federally protected gray whales off the Washington state coast has drawn fresh opposition while the treaty-enshrined reuters.com|By By Eric M. Johnson Like  1  July 29 at 7:50pmJanuarie Appley Wood shared a link.   7 Factory Farming Practices Straight Out of a Horror Film Nothing more frightening or disturbing than modern day factory farms. mfablog.org Like  ShareJanuarie Appley Wood shared Upworthy's video.   0:00/4:37 Watch Later 1,587,652 Views Upworthy uploaded a new video. Man uses drones to expose one of America's biggest secrets. (via FactoryFarmDrones.com) 1 Like Like  Share Nina Osberg likes this."
