Kathleen Sullivan   PETA's statement 8 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 8 people like this. Remove John Wrona My guess is that this dentist is counting on the USA not to extradite him back to Zimbabwe - possible 15 year prison term for his crimes. Does he have enough money to buy his way out of this? We'll see..... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/.../PICTURED-American-dentist... . Cecil could have lived for over 25 years. I don't think Zimbabwe has very sophisticated prison system......you're in prison and you know it. The American dentist who killed Cecil the Lion in Zimbabwe Walter J Palmer, a dentist from the state of Minnesota, is thought to have travelled to Zimbabwe and allegedly paid 35,000 ($55,000) to kill Cecil the Lion. dailymail.co.uk Like  2  Yesterday at 2:01am  EditedKathleen Sullivan July 24 at 9:32am  Lake Country, Canada  We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize that we only have one. ~Confucius 4 Likes1 Comment1 Share Like  Share 4 people like this. 1 share Remove Cherie Kemmerer I really like this saying. Thanks for sharing! Like  1  July 26 at 11:10amKathleen Sullivan July 21 at 9:34am  Lake Country, Canada  My dream come true. Sigmar Polke Work Discovered at Thrift Store - artnet News Find out why a Texas man believes that the $90 painting he bought at the Guild Shop, a Houston thrift store, is an authentic work by Sigmar Polke. news.artnet.com|By Sarah Cascone See more from Sarah Cascone.Follow Like  ShareKathleen Sullivan July 15 at 11:20am  Lake Country, Canada  After nine years with Bluehost as my hosting company, I am having second thoughts. More to come... Like  ShareKathleen Sullivan July 14 at 3:01pm  Lake Country, Canada  Dementia sucks. 5 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 5 people like this. Remove Kathleen Sullivan After spending a year making sure my dad was where he could be taken care of properly, another family member is being tested for dementia. Getting way too close for comfort now. Like  July 18 at 6:11am Remove Sharon Gray Dementia is horrible frown emoticon Like  1  July 18 at 6:56amKathleen Sullivan July 10 at 2:43pm  Lake Country, Canada  Edited  WE ARE OUTRAGED AND NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE: Nestle pays Canada apx $600.00 per year in return for 265 million litres of BC water. In return, Nestle charges $2.25 a bottle for the same water. We are at the height of a drought with increasing forest fires. Residents of BC are currently being asked to limit there water usage or be fined up to $250. ... You, Nestle, are literally sucking North America dry for profit. I ask everyone to boycott this company. If you are interested in contacting the BC government about the Nestle company robbing us blind, do it by email. It's a document that has to be kept. If nothing else, our grandchildren can refer to it when there's nothing left but a bunch of their plastic bottles floating in the ocean. premier@gov.bc.ca Tammy Vitale, I know you can help. See More 8 Likes4 Comments16 Shares Like  Share 8 people like this. 16 shares Remove Kathleen Sullivan http://www.infactcanada.ca/nestle_boycott_product.htm Nestle Products to Boycott These are Nestl's main brand names. Some of their products have different individual names but most of them fall under these brand categories. The company is constantly buying and selling brands, however, so when in doubt, simply check the product's label. Often, the Nestl logo will not appear, infactcanada.ca Like  2  July 11 at 4:44am Remove Annie Shaw Nestl is suckling up water in California too. The chairman says people don't have a higher claim than profit. Like  1  July 11 at 8:12am Tammy Vitale replied  3 Replies Remove Karen Bain Nestle - what a disgrace. Like  2  July 11 at 10:06am Remove Kathleen Sullivan For the world, not just BC or Canada. Like  2  July 11 at 10:25am Remove Tami Mathisen Did you know that coca cola currently owns 86% of the WORLDS potable water supply!? Truth! Think about that for a moment. Like  July 11 at 12:36pm Tammy Vitale replied  1 ReplyKathleen Sullivan shared a link. July 3 at 9:20am  Lake Country, Canada  Photo by Kathleen Sullivan photos.google.com 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Tammy VitaleKathleen Sullivan   Hey Woman! Was messing around with websites this morning and it made me think of you so I decided to stop by and say hi. Kathleen Sullivan likes this. Remove Kathleen Sullivan Hello to you too. I check up on you every once in a while to see what you're up to now. Looks like all is well in Vitaleland. 1  June 19 at 2:22am Tammy Vitale replied  1 ReplyKathleen Sullivan shared Ali Brown's post.   Ali Brown Success Tip: What you put up with is what you end up with. What are you tolerating? Like  ShareLisa April SmithKathleen Sullivan   A belated happy birthday. So sorry I missed it. I was out of town visiting family. Hope your friends and family helped you make it one that exceeded your expectations. www.LisaAprilSmith.com Like  Share Kathleen Sullivan likes this.Kathleen Sullivan shared a link. July 3 at 9:20am  Lake Country, Canada  Photo by Kathleen Sullivan photos.google.com 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Tammy VitaleKathleen Sullivan   Hey Woman! Was messing around with websites this morning and it made me think of you so I decided to stop by and say hi. Kathleen Sullivan likes this. Remove Kathleen Sullivan Hello to you too. I check up on you every once in a while to see what you're up to now. Looks like all is well in Vitaleland. 1  June 19 at 2:22am Tammy Vitale replied  1 ReplyKathleen Sullivan shared Ali Brown's post.   Ali Brown Success Tip: What you put up with is what you end up with. What are you tolerating? Like  ShareLisa April SmithKathleen Sullivan   A belated happy birthday. So sorry I missed it. I was out of town visiting family. Hope your friends and family helped you make it one that exceeded your expectations. www.LisaAprilSmith.com Like  Share Kathleen Sullivan likes this."
