Kat Tepelyan   Edited  Here is a list posted by the law firm who won cases against flu vaccine manufacturers for ailments incurred as a result. Ailment listed. Flu vaccines are not necessary and are more harmful than most of us knew. #micdrop Read Actual Federal Vaccine Court Case Compensation Decisions Read actual court decisions awarding compensation to vaccine injured clients. Contact our attorneys to review your vaccine injury case (888) 952-5242. mctlawyers.com 2 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 2 people like this. Remove Jennifer Pendergast flu vaccine is for pussies Like  1 hr Remove Jennifer Pendergast ; ) Like  1 hrKat Tepelyan   Meditation works! Before and After Photos: A Month of Meditation Don't think that meditation can make an observable difference in your life and appearance? This series of photos that Peter Seidler took before and after a month of meditation will convince you. mindbodygreen.com 1 Like Like  Share Alla Chka likes this.Kat Tepelyan shared a link.   BOUGHT Movie - The Truth Behind Vaccines, Big Pharma & Your Food Discover the truth behind GMOs for yourself. Access the BOUGHT documentary online before the free viewing period closes soon. Learn More www.boughtmovie.com/free-viewing 1 Like Like  Share Jennifer Pendergast likes this.Kat Tepelyan July 23 at 7:02pm  Instagram  Edited  This is what work looks like lately. #LilyBelle 18 Likes6 Comments Like  Share 18 people like this. View 2 more comments Remove Maria Stella I saw it!!! Baby learning about code and quality wine at the same time! Like  1  July 24 at 10:10pm Remove Maria Stella my god that face!!! Like  July 25 at 11:35am Remove Laura Lentz I remember the baby desk! heart emoticon Like  July 25 at 7:09pm Remove Maria Stella be honest do you sometimes put a file on her belly? Like  July 25 at 11:33pmKat Tepelyan   There are help manuals for doing everything these days. I just saw one on how to brush my teeth and how to do my mornings. Ok.... Yet everyone is empowered. Everyone is an expert of some minutia. And everyone is telling you what to do. This is the flip side of the idea revolution. See More 13 Likes Like  Share 13 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 10 at 10:07am  Instagram  I don't know about you, but I've never seen this at the bottom of a blended dessert. #magic 7 Likes Like  Share 7 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 3 at 8:02am  Hootsuite  Settling is not the ailment. Hating it is. #sourcenotes 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 2  Hootsuite  You are loved. Remember? #sourcenotes 15 Likes Like  Share 15 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 1  Hootsuite  Your to do list is not a representative of your worth. Promise. #sourcenotes 3 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 3 people like this. Remove Margo Orgolini God I hope not Like  2  July 2 at 4:49amKat Tepelyan   There are help manuals for doing everything these days. I just saw one on how to brush my teeth and how to do my mornings. Ok.... Yet everyone is empowered. Everyone is an expert of some minutia. And everyone is telling you what to do. This is the flip side of the idea revolution. See More 13 Likes Like  Share 13 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 10 at 10:07am  Instagram  I don't know about you, but I've never seen this at the bottom of a blended dessert. #magic 7 Likes Like  Share 7 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 3 at 8:02am  Hootsuite  Settling is not the ailment. Hating it is. #sourcenotes 3 Likes Like  Share 3 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 2  Hootsuite  You are loved. Remember? #sourcenotes 15 Likes Like  Share 15 people like this.Kat Tepelyan July 1  Hootsuite  Your to do list is not a representative of your worth. Promise. #sourcenotes 3 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 3 people like this. Remove Margo Orgolini God I hope not Like  2  July 2 at 4:49am"
