Doug Leavy shared Pro-Life Future's photo.   The truth is starting to come out, FAR more harm then help from this organization. #defundPP Pro-Life Future There are dozens of rallies kicking off right now! Join in the excitement and share your pictures with us! #WomenBetrayed #PPSellsBabyParts #DefundPP 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Doug Leavy   Oh snap! Heidi Jen Kent Jeff Something to look out for! Making margaritas outside can lead to nasty sunburns This summer pastime can lead to some horrible burns if proper precautions arent taken. foxnews.com 3 Likes1 Comment Like  Share 3 people like this. Remove Jen Runnells Musgrave Good thing I pre-cut the limes! Like  2  July 29 at 11:17amDoug Leavy July 28 at 10:28am  YouTube  think this cat has a case of the Mondays.... Lady Bug & Princess Leia meet Moo the barn cat The new goat kids are a week old and more hoppy than ever! Moo is the best barn cat and walks the perimeter of the fence all day long. When she walks past he... Like  ShareDoug Leavy shared Ruben Mandolini's video.   the level of creativity shown here is breathtaking! 0:00/2:12 Watch Later 31,632,945 Views Ruben Mandolini uploaded a new video. WOW! Hokkaido Show Gardens! Garden of sound! Great art! 14 Likes2 Comments Like  Share 14 people like this. Remove Steve Keller wow! Like  July 29 at 1:26am Remove Steve Keller Background video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VD44QhKuG1U Making of the Touch Wood commercial -  I don't own the rights to this video, nor do I place any type of copyright claim upon it or wish to infringe on it's copyrights. I have uploaded this video s... youtube.com Like  1  July 29 at 1:34amDoug Leavy   ...the law is the law and no one is above it, not even presidents - Obama in Africa this week. Well what about the Constitution you bozo??!! Obama: If I ran again, I could win President Obama is feeling good about his chances at re-election -- if he could run again. foxnews.com 10 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 10 people like this. Remove Matt Turner 'Law? I thought those were suggestions... or so my daddy told me.' Like  1  July 28 at 11:15pm Remove Sean McLane Bull Shit you could. Fucking sociopath. Like  1  July 29 at 2:46am Remove Ken Steichmann I'm surprised he hasn't passed an executive order making himself president for life. Oh wait that's Putin. Like  2  July 29 at 5:56am Remove Suzie Simpson NOT EVEN!!!!!! Like  July 29 at 7:46amDoug Leavy   'bout time you clown! Most of the country has lowered them, Congress lowered them.. #semperfi Why hasn't WH lowered flag in honor Chattanooga victims - CNNPolitics.com The WH and U.S. Capitol were curiously out of sync Tuesday in their tributes to the five U.S. service members who were slain by a gunman in Chattanooga. cnn.com|By Jim Acosta, CNN Senior White House correspondent 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this."
