Lori Newman shared a link.   10 things to know about Friday's blue moon First things first -- a blue moon is not actually blue. wsbtv.com ShareLori Newman was at Comcast Xfinity.   SaveSaved Comcast Xfinity Cable & Satellite Service  Marietta, GA, United States  1.2  262 were here Share Wendy Winquist likes this.Lori Newman added 2 new photos. 13 hrs  iOSLori Newman shared a memory from July 31, 2014. 16 hrs  1 Year Ago Today See Your Memories Lori Newman July 31, 2014  Stepped away for a second. ..look who took over lol Share 2 people like this.Lori Newman shared Boom Social with Kim Garst's photo.   Let's do this! Boom Social with Kim Garst Today is your day. - Dr.Seuss #Quote Share Norma G. Echevarria likes this.Lori Newman shared OM-Times Magazine's photo.   OM-Times Magazine #OMTimes Open You to a #mindful and #Conscious #Life Share 2 people like this.Lori Newman   Have to say I'm very impressed that my NOT-so mechanically inclined hubby fixed our Mitsubishi Montero. YEP! Believe it or not he actually replaced the throttle body in LuLu. For a week or so I thought she was a goner and we would be hunting for a new truck for me next week LOL wink emoticon The good news is I have wheels again, bad news is he now thinks he's a mechanic and can change an entire engine. After all...his own words... he used to drive tanks for a living. He cracks me up! Love this guy heart emoticon Share 28 people like this. Remove Jessica Villalva Presley Oh no, he's going to want to fix more stuff. Be careful lol 1  July 28 at 10:01pm Remove Lori Newman Oh I know Jess, he is already basking in the glory of how much money he saved doing it himself 1  July 28 at 11:19pm Remove Iris Christy Acevedo I thought you had a white smaller car, I think it was a Chrysler July 28 at 10:41pm Remove Lori Newman I gave it to Cesar so Sam could get a new truck, just driving this old girl until it's my turn smile emoticon July 28 at 11:18pm View more replies Remove Cynthia Sepulveda Lol! But that is awesome!  1  July 28 at 10:55pm Remove Bob Bixby I bet he could change the engine, maybe with a little help from his friends!!!!! He is pretty special and a great friend. Glad you have wheels again too! 1  July 28 at 11:00pm Remove Lori Newman Thank you Bob... it is true - he probably could with YOUR help wink emoticon July 28 at 11:19pmLori Newman shared a link.   Dozens gather for candlelight vigil to remember 'Baby Doe' Dozens of people gathered on Deer Island in Boston Harbor on Saturday night for a candlelight vigil to remember a 4-year-old girl that was found dead on the beach... myfoxatlanta.com|By Caroline Hroncich Share Remove Lori Newman This just frigging kills me how this beautiful little child is gone and no one seems to know who she is. Breaks my heart! July 28 at 11:22pm"
