Emily Stoffel shared the pig & quill's photo.   Squaershy things happening on the the pig & quill today! (Specifically: Fried Honey-Garlic Delicata with White Miso and Furikake.) Do eet. the pig & quill Boston last week, Spain next week -- but first! Fried Honey-Garlic Delicata Squash with White Miso + Furikake inspired by I am a Food Blog (and pretty bowls from Q Squared NYC)!! (Oh yeah, and it's vegan and GF!) Squash me: http://wp.me/p5eu39-1wt Share Patrick LaZansky likes this.Emily Stoffel shared the pig & quill's photo.   New post on the piggy and it's one fine-ass mofo. the pig & quill New piggity post time! This prettay Spicy Pineapple + Parsley Salad with Avocado + Chilies wants to be in yo' face, like, now. Recipe link in the comments. {Feel free to shaaaaaaare!} Share Rachel Vaughn likes this. Remove Emily Stoffel Megan, click the link that takes you to the original and it should be in the comments. smile emoticon November 7, 2014 at 8:58am  1Emily Stoffel shared the pig & quill's photo.   Edited  Fried stuffs on the pig & quill today (!!!) -- and for all you early xmas shoppers, there's an exclusive promo for Q Squared NYC serveware. Heyyooo... the pig & quill These pretty fellas (and those snazzy Q Squared NYC plates) are on the blog this morning! Parmesan-Ricotta Spaghetti Squash Fritters with Crispy Fried Sage (grain-free, woohoo!). Recipe link in the the comments. smile emoticon Share 3 people like this. Remove Ambrose Respicio Ummmm Yum!!!!!!!See Translation October 23, 2014 at 11:05am  1Emily Stoffel shared the pig & quill's photo.   New look for the piggy! Oh you (I'm) fancy, huh... the pig & quill Have ya'll popped over to the new P+Q? Gave the ol' gal a makeover (and baked you up some pop tarts, to boot!). See ya thurr: http://thepigandquill.com/ Share 6 people like this. Remove Kate Kennard Looks gorgeous and fresh! Rock on!!! October 22, 2014 at 8:15pm  1 Remove Emily Stoffel Thanks Kate!! heart emoticon October 22, 2014 at 9:18pmEmily Stoffel   Edited  Hey dude(tte)s -- there's FINALLY new stuffs happening on the pig & quill, like these bombaroonie pop tarts AND a new look for the site. Check it out/tell yo frands! cream cheese + pepper jelly (or blueberry) pop tarts Oh looksie there! We meet again. Pardon my absence while I've been off playing Let's Not Break the Internet. You know that game where you're basically betting against Newman's head popping up with ... thepigandquill.com Share 8 people like this. Remove Emily Harvis Paul Em, love your new website look. That pig got fancy October 19, 2014 at 12:35pm  1 Remove Ambrose Respicio Whoa!!!!! WTF?!?!?! October 19, 2014 at 12:58pm  1 Remove Heather Pescosolido Thomas nom nom! blueberry!!See Translation October 20, 2014 at 11:22am"
