Chan Hsiao-yun   At Lancaster University once again. Share 8 people like this.Chan Hsiao-yun June 7  Singapore, Singapore  via mrbrown An Open Letter to the Council for Private Education Dear Sirs, I had a very interesting encounter with two of your officers yesterday. I say interesting as a euphemism of sorts because the excitement from the meeting did not abate and allow me to ... weecare.com.sg Share Kenneth Seah likes this.Chan Hsiao-yun shared an article on MakeUseOf. June 3  MakeUseOf  Sometimes the Messenger app seems to forget that I opted out of the location thing. Keep an eye on it! Mischief Managed: The Facebook Privacy Nightmare Caused By One Chrome Extension I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. That about sums things up. For a short while, a Chrome extension called the Marauder's Map was letting Facebook users... MakeUseOf|By Smange (Angela Alcorn) See more from Smange (Angela Alcorn).Like Share Satwinder Kaur likes this.Chan Hsiao-yun shared a link. May 28  Singapore, Singapore  2015 - BBC World Special - A Richer World: Singapore at 50 - From Swamps to Skyscrapers - 1/3/15 Sharanjit Leyl presents this special 45-minute programme to mark 50 years of Singapore's... youtube.com Share 3 people like this.Chan Hsiao-yun May 23  Singapore, Singapore  Thank you, everyone! Share 5 people like this.Chan Hsiao-yun   For sale! Logitech Ultrathin Mouse T630 $60 - Used (8 months), in good condition. No box. carousell.com ShareChan Hsiao-yun shared an article on MakeUseOf. June 3  MakeUseOf  Sometimes the Messenger app seems to forget that I opted out of the location thing. Keep an eye on it! Mischief Managed: The Facebook Privacy Nightmare Caused By One Chrome Extension I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. That about sums things up. For a short while, a Chrome extension called the Marauder's Map was letting Facebook users track their friends' exact locations. Here's what you need to know about this Facebook privacy breach. The Marauder's Map The name comes from Harry Potter, MakeUseOf|By Smange (Angela Alcorn) See more from Smange (Angela Alcorn).Like Share Satwinder Kaur likes this.Chan Hsiao-yun shared a link. May 28  Singapore, Singapore  2015 - BBC World Special - A Richer World: Singapore at 50 - From Swamps to Skyscrapers - 1/3/15 Sharanjit Leyl presents this special 45-minute programme to mark 50 years of Singapore's independence, recorded at 2310hrs SGT on 1 Mar 2015. The following p... youtube.com Share 3 people like this.Chan Hsiao-yun May 23  Singapore, Singapore  Thank you, everyone! Share 5 people like this.Chan Hsiao-yun   For sale! Logitech Ultrathin Mouse T630 $60 - Used (8 months), in good condition. No box. carousell.com ShareChan Hsiao-yun May 21  Singapore, Singapore  Companies should use their SM accts to actually provide customer service. Not to redirect traffic. Share 2 people like this.Chan Hsiao-yun May 21  Singapore, Singapore  If there is even the slightest chance that you have to change your flight booking, do NOT fly Singapore Airlines. https://www.facebook.com/singaporeair/posts/10153337012858679 Singapore Airlines Welcome aboard Singapore Airlines on Facebook. Share your travel stories, tips & memorable moments with us & fellow travellers using #FlySQ #SingaporeAir! Like Page ShareChan Hsiao-yun shared a link.   Assessing literacies This week I'm writing about an assessment topic that's closer to my heart. Because my assessment class is doing the assessment of multiliteracies this week, known.hsiaoyun.net Share Chev Ang likes this.Chan Hsiao-yun May 19  Singapore, Singapore  Maybe I shouldn't be travelling this year. Nothing but frustration from Changi Airport and Singapore Airlines. There is such a thing as complacency.  feeling fed up. Share 3 people like this."
