Alexis Ng via mindbodygreen   Every body is a yoga body. Major love!  feeling inspired. 12 Rockstar Yogis Who Are Leading The Body-Positive Movement Women have historically bared the brunt of body shaming by mass media, but the topic of body image is actually universal; encompassing all shapes and sizes,... mindbodygreen.com Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng shared a link.   8 Lessons on Happiness and Success From the Happiest Man in the World, in Quotes If you still think that owning a big house or a luxurious car is the path to happiness, maybe it's time you took notice of Matthieu Ricarda 69-year-old Tibetan Monk. He... lmt-lss.com 1 Like2 Shares Like  Comment  Share YingKai Chua likes this. 2 shares Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng shared Prima ZOOM's video.   Hope to see them in Bali! grin emoticon 0:00/1:42 Watch Later 4,158,361 Views Prima ZOOM uploaded a new video. Jedna z nejndhernjch spi svta, pozoruhodn Metasepia pfefferi! esk jmno, pokud vme, zatm nem... Via Aquarium of the Pacific See Translation 1 Like Like  Comment  Share Leah Chan likes this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng shared Channel NewsAsia Singapore's video.   So proud to be Singaporean! 0:00/1:27 Watch Later 726,164 Views Channel NewsAsia Singapore uploaded a new video. Without anyone to organise it, they just moved in to help  Amazing: Foo Suan Wang filmed more than 30 people lifting the side of a lorry to free a man trapped underneath. http://bit.ly/1Kkz4Bx (Video: Foo Suan Wang) Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng   Ok, now she's officially awesome. Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit (Cover) by Daniela Andrade A little late on paying my respects in rememberance of Kurt Cobain who passed away on April.5th/1994. Thanks for everything you left behind and for influenci... youtu.be Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng   Edited  #SOTD And life will always be, la vie en rose heart emoticon La Vie En Rose Download on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/album/la-vie-en-rose-single/id962947364 Feeling that spring fever. Hope you guys enjoyed this little cover :) FA... youtube.com 3 Likes Like  Comment  Share 3 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng   5 days of silence and om. Can't wait! Bali Silent Retreat - Meditation And Yoga Bali Silent Retreat Offers A Space To Rest And Unwind, With Daily Yoga And Meditation Classes, Gourmet Vegetarian, Surrounded By Rice Fields And Jungle. balisilentretreat.com 10 Likes4 Comments Like  Comment  Share 10 people like this. Remove Josephine Phua Develop the art of nothing and just eat, sleep, read and repeat. What a positive spin on just bum around! Like  Reply  July 12 at 7:28pm Remove Alexis Ng Haha it's actually doing even less than just bumming around. Not easy okay! Like  Reply  July 12 at 7:35pm Remove Katka Brizendine Chebenova I need to go there in like 5 years once I'm done with raising toddlers. Being in quiet and no speaking environment for 5 days will be highly appreciated by me Like  Reply  1  July 13 at 6:00am Remove Alexis Ng Haha Katka, did you say toddlers? Hmmmm are we expecting good news soon? wink emoticon Like  July 13 at 11:04am Remove Suki Lee So wanna go Like  Reply  July 13 at 4:11pm Remove Alexis Ng You should! Are you now in Canada? Like  July 13 at 8:19pm View more replies Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Alexis Ng   Women need to stand up against domestic violence and stop making excuses for the men they think they love. This woman is so brave, brought tears to my eyes. Please share this to inspire more women who may be in the same situation. Her Boyfriend Hit Her, So She Posted THIS On Facebook. Now It's Going Viral. Emma Murphy is a 26-year-old health and fitness blogger from Dublin, Ireland. She has two young children with her ex-partner. Her fans love herposts about health, happiness, motherhood, and living a positive lifestyle. But Emma also has a deep, dark confession. Emma had been in a three and half yea domestic.littlethings.com|By Barbara Diamond 2 Likes Like  Comment  Share 2 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
