Amy Jorgensen   #Murica! Share 54 people like this.Amy Jorgensen shared a link.   Stunning Art Project Shines Light on the 5,500 Dogs Euthanized a Day Through beautiful art, a museum wants capture the dire plight of shelter dogs. thisdogslife.co ShareAmy Jorgensen shared Equality House's photo.   Edited  This made me laugh really really hard. smile emoticon Share 31 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Cherra Wyllie You are probably too young to remember the new neighborsscene from the 1999 film American Beauty. July 2 at 6:48am Remove Noelle Tompkins If someone knocked on my door asking me that, I'd definitely invite them in. 3  July 2 at 8:10am Remove Elizabeth Driscoll Jorgensen Love this- so true! 1  July 2 at 8:48am Remove Laurren Victoria Why is this not a thing? It would make me oh so happy. 2  July 2 at 10:42am  EditedAmy Jorgensen   Fascinating! Neil deGrasse Tyson Dear Facebook Universe, Today marks the 26th time a Leap Second will be added to the calendar. In the second half of the 20th century, we started tracking time ...via atomic clocks, which happen to be more accurate and precise than the rotating Earth itself  our technology was better at keeping time than our planet was. This crossover allowed us to notice that Earths rotation rate is, in fact, slowing down. The primary culprit here is the Moon, whose tidal forces on Earth create friction between the sloshing oceans and our north-south coastlines. In response, the Moons orbit is spiraling away from Earth at a rate of about 2-inches (4cm) per year. Such is the layout of this cosmic ballet  choreographed by the forces of gravity. Several other factors also influence Earths rotation, but can serve to either slow us down or speed us up. In all cases it involves the re-distribution of mass on Earths surface, changing our planets rotation properties. These includes the freezing and melting of glaciers, mass migrations of animals, the buildup of new dams, and earthquakes. Three ways to accommodate this fact: 1) Ignore it altogether. 2) Redefine the length of the Second, as necessary, to keep the total number of seconds the same, no matter the length of the day. Or 3) intermittently add leap seconds to compensate. If we did (1) then eventually, clock time will not make sense relative to what the Sun is doing. If we did (2) then all the measurements that now depend on the precise definition of the second would be cast into flux. So we choose option (3). Beginning in 1972, on  or December 31 (or both) weve added 25 leap seconds, as necessary. Today is such a day. Beginning in 1972, on  or December 31 or both, weve added 25 leap seconds, as necessary. Today is such a day. Leap Seconds appear in the final minute of the last hour of today, Greenwich Time. For the Eastern Time Zone (North America) this corresponds to 7:59 PM. That minute will have 61 seconds in it. Something Ive celebrated each time with a very tiny bottle of champagne. Whatever you do, dont waste it. As always, Keep looking up. -Neil deGrasse Tyson, New York City NOTE: , 2015. 5:30pm ET: Added a paragraph (for completeness) and corrected the rate of Moon's recession, from 5 inches to 2 inches per year. See More Share 3 people like this.Amy Jorgensen changed her profile picture.   Share 88 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Kathryn Magura We need to hang out! May 29, 2014 at 11:19am  1 Remove Elizabeth Ayres Very nice! May 29, 2014 at 7:28pm  1 Remove Anita Coleman pretty girl... May 29, 2014 at 10:02pm  1 Remove Elizabeth Driscoll Jorgensen Gorgeous !  at 10:24pm  1Amy Jorgensen June 30  Charlottesville, VA, United States  Saying you don't need a college education to have a good job is like saying you don't need to exercise or go running because a lion will never chase you. Exercise your brain! Share 17 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Sandee Thomas Success comes in different forms. Not always through a college education. Not everyone is built for college and more and more ppl are successful without it. Especially nowadays when so many grads are working at McDonald's. 2  June 30 at 9:55pm Remove Tanya Davis Amy .. that's cause you're super women !  1  June 30 at 10:03pm Remove Wally Kolcz I don't have no college education yet I make good money at the university of Michigan. I also taught at schoolcraft college and was published in a book. Depends on your industry June 30 at 10:39pm Remove Amy Jorgensen I believe that someone's ability to successfully perform in the workplace is THEIR decision. Regardless of education, background, socioeconomic status, gender, sexual orientation - you will succeed if YOU are determined to succeed. June 30 at 10:39pm View more replies Remove Raymond Gonzalez Sorry to use Facebook as a platform for debate, but as a college professor, I believe this statement to be extremely shortsighted. Without pointing out all of the flaws in your argument, I will draw attention to the fact that we have watered down the a...See More 1  July 2 at 3:16am Remove Amy Jorgensen Well said, Professor Gonzalez. Let me be clear - I am by no means suggesting that we tell a young person that they will have no success without a college degree. There are many people out there that are successful without college degrees. Many of the...See More 1  July 2 at 3:56amAmy Jorgensen   Interesting. Why should you do more work for the same reward, while your less capable coworker coasts along with lower expectations and work? The Downside of Being Competent New research suggests that reliable employees are assigned more workbut they don't always like it. theatln.tc Share 10 people like this. Remove Amber Tison I read this a few weeks ago and it is so true... 1   at 7:25pm Remove Sandee Thomas Because it is not in you to accept mediocrity. 3   at 7:55pm Remove Judy Scully Callahan I believe the one who found her vocation appreciates the challenge, not every moment of every day, yet on balance doing a job you love breeds competence and more-the joy in a job well done. 3   at 8:24pm Remove Richard H South Good Article Andrea Comsa July 1 at 9:35amAmy Jorgensen shared Equality House's photo.   Edited  This made me laugh really really hard. smile emoticon Share 31 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Cherra Wyllie You are probably too young to remember the new neighborsscene from the 1999 film American Beauty. July 2 at 6:48am Remove Noelle Tompkins If someone knocked on my door asking me that, I'd definitely invite them in. 3  July 2 at 8:10am Remove Elizabeth Driscoll Jorgensen Love this- so true! 1  July 2 at 8:48am Remove Laurren Victoria Why is this not a thing? It would make me oh so happy. 2  July 2 at 10:42am  EditedAmy Jorgensen   Fascinating! Neil deGrasse Tyson Dear Facebook Universe, Today marks the 26th time a Leap Second will be added to the calendar. In the second half of the 20th century, we started tracking time ...via atomic clocks, which happen to be more accurate and precise than the rotating Earth itself  our technology was better at keeping time than our planet was. This crossover allowed us to notice that Earths rotation rate is, in fact, slowing down. The primary culprit here is the Moon, whose tidal forces on Earth create friction between the sloshing oceans and our north-south coastlines. In response, the Moons orbit is spiraling away from Earth at a rate of about 2-inches (4cm) per year. Such is the layout of this cosmic ballet  choreographed by the forces of gravity. Several other factors also influence Earths rotation, but can serve to either slow us down or speed us up. In all cases it involves the re-distribution of mass on Earths surface, changing our planets rotation properties. These includes the freezing and melting of glaciers, mass migrations of animals, the buildup of new dams, and earthquakes. Three ways to accommodate this fact: 1) Ignore it altogether. 2) Redefine the length of the Second, as necessary, to keep the total number of seconds the same, no matter the length of the day. Or 3) intermittently add leap seconds to compensate. If we did (1) then eventually, clock time will not make sense relative to what the Sun is doing. If we did (2) then all the measurements that now depend on the precise definition of the second would be cast into flux. So we choose option (3). Beginning in 1972, on  or December 31 (or both) weve added 25 leap seconds, as necessary. Today is such a day. Beginning in 1972, on  or December 31 or both, weve added 25 leap seconds, as necessary. Today is such a day. Leap Seconds appear in the final minute of the last hour of today, Greenwich Time. For the Eastern Time Zone (North America) this corresponds to 7:59 PM. That minute will have 61 seconds in it. Something Ive celebrated each time with a very tiny bottle of champagne. Whatever you do, dont waste it. As always, Keep looking up. -Neil deGrasse Tyson, New York City NOTE: , 2015. 5:30pm ET: Added a paragraph (for completeness) and corrected the rate of Moon's recession, from 5 inches to 2 inches per year. See More Share 3 people like this.Amy Jorgensen changed her profile picture.   Share 88 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Kathryn Magura We need to hang out! May 29, 2014 at 11:19am  1 Remove Elizabeth Ayres Very nice! May 29, 2014 at 7:28pm  1 Remove Anita Coleman pretty girl... May 29, 2014 at 10:02pm  1 Remove Elizabeth Driscoll Jorgensen Gorgeous !  at 10:24pm  1Amy Jorgensen June 30  Charlottesville, VA, United States  Saying you don't need a college education to have a good job is like saying you don't need to exercise or go running because a lion will never chase you. Exercise your brain! Share 17 people like this. View 1 more comment Remove Sandee Thomas Success comes in different forms. Not always through a college education. Not everyone is built for college and more and more ppl are successful without it. Especially nowadays when so many grads are working at McDonald's. 2  June 30 at 9:55pm Remove Tanya Davis Amy .. that's cause you're super women !  1  June 30 at 10:03pm Remove Wally Kolcz I don't have no college education yet I make good money at the university of Michigan. I also taught at schoolcraft college and was published in a book. Depends on your industry June 30 at 10:39pm Remove Amy Jorgensen I believe that someone's ability to successfully perform in the workplace is THEIR decision. Regardless of education, background, socioeconomic status, gender, sexual orientation - you will succeed if YOU are determined to succeed. June 30 at 10:39pm View more replies Remove Raymond Gonzalez Sorry to use Facebook as a platform for debate, but as a college professor, I believe this statement to be extremely shortsighted. Without pointing out all of the flaws in your argument, I will draw attention to the fact that we have watered down the a...See More 1  July 2 at 3:16am Remove Amy Jorgensen Well said, Professor Gonzalez. Let me be clear - I am by no means suggesting that we tell a young person that they will have no success without a college degree. There are many people out there that are successful without college degrees. Many of the...See More 1  July 2 at 3:56amAmy Jorgensen   Interesting. Why should you do more work for the same reward, while your less capable coworker coasts along with lower expectations and work? The Downside of Being Competent New research suggests that reliable employees are assigned more workbut they don't always like it. theatln.tc Share 10 people like this. Remove Amber Tison I read this a few weeks ago and it is so true... 1   at 7:25pm Remove Sandee Thomas Because it is not in you to accept mediocrity. 3   at 7:55pm Remove Judy Scully Callahan I believe the one who found her vocation appreciates the challenge, not every moment of every day, yet on balance doing a job you love breeds competence and more-the joy in a job well done. 3   at 8:24pm Remove Richard H South Good Article Andrea Comsa July 1 at 9:35am"
