Andy Werner shared Relacional  escuela / taller's album.   +40 Relacional  escuela / taller added 43 new photos to the album: TALLER DE DIBUJO. Prefiero dibujar a hablar. Dibujar es ms rpido, y deja menos espacio para la mentira // Le Corbusier PH: Vives Calle / Juan Masabeu See Translation 9 Likes Like  Share 9 people like this.Andy Werner shared a link.   As Tech Booms, Workers Turn to Coding for Career Change Schools that offer accelerated training in digital skills are drawing more and more career changers, and graduates can make six-figure base salaries. nytimes.com|By STEVE LOHR 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Andy Werner shared The CrossFit Games's video.   La amo. See Translation 0:00/4:19 Watch More www.facebook.com Watch Again Watch Later 1,154,670 Views The CrossFit Games uploaded a new video: Qalo  Lifted Up : Julie Foucher . I can't say that I'll never compete again. Julie Foucher, captain of the 2015 Reebok CrossFit Games Demo Team 6 Likes Like  Share 6 people like this.Andy Werner July 23 at 7:57pm  Change.org  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores y de Cooperacin: Liberar a los tres periodistas espaoles retenidos en Siria - Firm la Peticin! An faltan 83 firmas Andy Werner acaba de firmar esta peticin en Change.org. Like  ShareAndy Werner shared EAMEO's photo.   Like  ShareAndy Werner updated his cover photo.   Edited  T-15 das 15 Likes Like  Share 15 people like this.Andy Werner shared Humans of New York's photo.   La gente grande sabe cosas que todava siquiera entendemos que nos faltan. See Translation Humans of New York Ive spent my life trying to undo habitsespecially habits of thinking. They narrow your interaction with the world. Theyre the phrases that come easily to ...your mind, like: I know what I think, or I know what I like, or I know whats going to happen today. If you just replace know with dont know, then you start to move into the unknown. And thats where the interesting stuff happens. See More 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this.Andy Werner shared The CrossFit Games's video.   La amo. See Translation 0:00/4:19 Watch More www.facebook.com Watch Again Watch Later 1,154,670 Views The CrossFit Games uploaded a new video: Qalo  Lifted Up : Julie Foucher . I can't say that I'll never compete again. Julie Foucher, captain of the 2015 Reebok CrossFit Games Demo Team 6 Likes Like  Share 6 people like this.Andy Werner July 23 at 7:57pm  Change.org  Ministerio de Asuntos Exteriores y de Cooperacin: Liberar a los tres periodistas espaoles retenidos en Siria - Firm la Peticin! An faltan 83 firmas Andy Werner acaba de firmar esta peticin en Change.org. Like  ShareAndy Werner shared EAMEO's photo.   Like  ShareAndy Werner updated his cover photo.   Edited  T-15 das 15 Likes Like  Share 15 people like this.Andy Werner shared Humans of New York's photo.   La gente grande sabe cosas que todava siquiera entendemos que nos faltan. See Translation Humans of New York Ive spent my life trying to undo habitsespecially habits of thinking. They narrow your interaction with the world. Theyre the phrases that come easily to ...your mind, like: I know what I think, or I know what I like, or I know whats going to happen today. If you just replace know with dont know, then you start to move into the unknown. And thats where the interesting stuff happens. See More 4 Likes Like  Share 4 people like this."
