Brian Reavis June 10  Cody, WY, United States  Today Brandon and I are publicly launching Natural Atlas, a new map of the outdoors that's open to everyone, editable by anyone. Check it out! We're in the Wild After a year of development, Natural Atlas is open to the public. Natural Atlas is a community-driven initiative to build the most reliable, up-to-date map and resource about the outdoors  open to everyone, editable by anyone. Explore Nature Online... blog.naturalatlas.com 51 Likes10 Comments Like  Comment  Share 51 people like this. View 7 more comments Remove Sarah Doczy Awesome work! Congrats!! Like  Reply  1  June 11 at 5:50am Remove Taylor Norton You two are too cool. Like  Reply  June 11 at 10:39am Remove Jayme Fraser Ford Awesome Like  Reply  June 11 at 11:46am Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Brian Reavis added 23 new photos to the album: Assorted Photos by Brandon Reavis and Brian Reavis  in Wyoming.   +19 6 Likes Like  Comment  Share 6 people like this. Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Brian Reavis    Started Working at Natural AtlasCo-Founder, Developer Cody, Wyoming Natural Atlas is a new map of the outdoors that anyone can edit. Explore over 1,000,000 waterfalls, trailheads, campsites, springs, etc online. Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Brian Reavis    Left Job at Creative MarketWeb Engineer San Francisco, California Share Jenny Gasparis likes this.Brian Reavis added 20 new photos to the album: All Hands - Greeley, CO.   Creative Market visited Greeley, Colorado to help out with the All Hands Volunteers flood relief effort.  with Zack Onisko and 4 others in Greeley, Colorado. +16 7 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Remove Colleen Beery Wow October 9, 2013 at 8:06am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Brian Reavis    Started Working at Natural AtlasCo-Founder, Developer Cody, Wyoming Natural Atlas is a new map of the outdoors that anyone can edit. Explore over 1,000,000 waterfalls, trailheads, campsites, springs, etc online. Like  Comment  Share Write a comment... Press Enter to post.Brian Reavis    Left Job at Creative MarketWeb Engineer San Francisco, California Share Jenny Gasparis likes this.Brian Reavis added 20 new photos to the album: All Hands - Greeley, CO.   Creative Market visited Greeley, Colorado to help out with the All Hands Volunteers flood relief effort.  with Zack Onisko and 4 others in Greeley, Colorado. +16 7 Likes1 Comment Like  Comment  Share 7 people like this. Remove Colleen Beery Wow October 9, 2013 at 8:06am  Like Write a comment... Press Enter to post."
