Giselle Sturdevant shared The Atlantic's video.   Ryan Sturdevant 0:00/5:43 Watch Later 682,312 Views The Atlantic uploaded a new video: The Case for the 32-Hour Workweek. The case for the 32-hour workweek: Its not about more family time, or more play time, or less work timeits about living a more balanced total life. Share 2 people like this.Giselle Sturdevant shared a link.   What Happens To Your Body 60 Minutes After Drinking A Can Of Coke? Youve seen Coca-Cola mixed with molten lead, dropped into liquid nitrogen and even consumed by a river of molten lava. But what happens to your body after... iflscience.com Share 2 people like this.Giselle Sturdevant via I fucking love science   Ryan Sturdevant Link Found Between Gut Bacteria And Depression Scientists have shown for the first time that there is a way to model how the gut bacteria in a mouse can have an active role in causing anxiety and depressive-like behaviors. iflscience.com Share Chelsea Dyer likes this.Giselle Sturdevant shared a link.   Science Proves Gluten Sensitivity Isn't Real, People Are Just Whiners Gluten-free products bought by 18% of consumers while actual Celiacs estimated to be 1-3%. Has self-diagnosis gone viral? www.buzzworthy.com Share 3 people like this.Giselle Sturdevant shared The Humane Society of the United States - Farm Animal Protection Campaign's video.   Cole you will love this 0:00/0:47 Watch Later 10,318,651 Views The Humane Society of the United States - Farm Animal Protection Campaign uploaded a new video. The cutest video youll see all week! This cow loves cuddling with the guy who helped rescue him from going to an industrial slaughterhouse! (Source: Santuario Igualdad Interespecie) Share 3 people like this. Remove Cole Fulwider Looks like s giant Jazzy! July 26 at 9:35pm Remove Kathy Umble Eaton I LOVE Cows ! July 27 at 12:33amGiselle Sturdevant shared a link.   Comparing the current El Nio and the mother of all El Nios 2015's El Nino could reshape world weather patterns, bring devastating floods. mashable.com|By Andrew Freedman Share 3 people like this.Giselle Sturdevant July 20 at 9:10pm  Talenti Flavorize Me  I'd eat this. TALENTI FLAVORIZE ME BREAKING NEWS YOU GUYS: I am Dulce De Leche Dark Chocolate Caramel Cake. http://flavorize.me/gelato/96f17830 #FlavorizeMe flavorize.me|By Giselle Sturdevant ShareGiselle Sturdevant shared a link.   Science Proves Gluten Sensitivity Isn't Real, People Are Just Whiners Gluten-free products bought by 18% of consumers while actual Celiacs estimated to be 1-3%. Has self-diagnosis gone viral? www.buzzworthy.com Share 3 people like this.Giselle Sturdevant shared The Humane Society of the United States - Farm Animal Protection Campaign's video.   Cole you will love this 0:00/0:47 Watch Later 10,318,651 Views The Humane Society of the United States - Farm Animal Protection Campaign uploaded a new video. The cutest video youll see all week! This cow loves cuddling with the guy who helped rescue him from going to an industrial slaughterhouse! (Source: Santuario Igualdad Interespecie) Share 3 people like this. Remove Cole Fulwider Looks like s giant Jazzy! July 26 at 9:35pm Remove Kathy Umble Eaton I LOVE Cows ! July 27 at 12:33amGiselle Sturdevant shared a link.   Comparing the current El Nio and the mother of all El Nios 2015's El Nino could reshape world weather patterns, bring devastating floods. mashable.com|By Andrew Freedman Share 3 people like this.Giselle Sturdevant July 20 at 9:10pm  Talenti Flavorize Me  I'd eat this. TALENTI FLAVORIZE ME BREAKING NEWS YOU GUYS: I am Dulce De Leche Dark Chocolate Caramel Cake. http://flavorize.me/gelato/96f17830 #FlavorizeMe flavorize.me|By Giselle Sturdevant Share"
