Jeremiah Baumann shared KelbyOne's photo.   KelbyOne FABULOUS FRIDAY! Eek! We are giving away a copy of Peter Hurley's brand new book The Headshot. This is really a big deal you guys! Someone is going to win a c...opy of Peter's first-ever book. And it's a phenomenal piece! (Details below) 1) WHAT CAN I WIN? This week's Fabulous Friday package includes the a copy of The Headshot, a free KelbyOne course download that you can keep or gift, and a copy of our most recent issue of Photoshop User magazine. 2) HOW CAN I WIN? So Simple. Do this: 1. Follow the photographer behind this shot Adam Shot It. 2. Leave a comment on THIS POST telling us what you love about this shot! Other comments and questions for the photographer are also welcome. (Pictured is singer Bebe Rexha) 3. Share this post on Facebook. 3) WHEN CAN I WIN? Adam will pick his favorite comment/question and he will guest announce our winner here on Wednesday! Let's go! See More ShareJeremiah Baumann   If you have never watched Inside the Actors Studio, this is the one to watch, as we remember an amazing person on what would have been his 64th birthday today. Inside The Actors Studio - Robin Williams (2001) This is an in-depth interview with Robin about his life and career and discusses films and more such as Stand-Up Comedy, Mork & Mindy, Popeye, Good Morning V... youtube.com Share Tracey Hildreth likes this.Jeremiah Baumann via JBaumann Photography   Lots of photos to go through. Will post as I continue to edit and upload. Great event with great people! End of the Road Car Show - 7/18/15 End of the Road Car Show Copper Harbor July 18, 2015 jbaumannphoto.com Share 3 people like this.Jeremiah Baumann   Don't forget it is Amazon Prime day today! Be sure to check out all the deals throughout the day. Lots of deals are going quick! Prime Day Prime Day is a one-day event held on July 15, 2015, where Prime members can find more deals than Black Friday. amazon.com Share Antonio Passariello likes this.Jeremiah Baumann uploaded a new video.   Edited  Have you dubsmashed today? #IndependenceDubs #dubsmash Watch Later Share 5 people like this. Remove Tracey Hildreth Soooo.....not much has changed since Gunflint. Lol 1  July 5 at 10:14am Remove Jeremiah Baumann https://youtu.be/QoLywiaM6PA?t=1m18s Independence Day One of the biggest box office hits of all time delivers the ultimate encounter when... youtube.com July 5 at 10:15am Remove Travis Pierce LOVE IT! July 6 at 1:06amJeremiah Baumann July 2 at 10:12pm  Lake Linden, MI, United States  Interested in the new Apple Music experience? Here is a walkthrough for getting it set up on your iOS device. Setting up Apple Music in iOS How to start up Apple Music on the iPhone using iOS 8.4. youtube.com Share 2 people like this.Jeremiah Baumann via JBaumann Photography   Lots of photos to go through. Will post as I continue to edit and upload. Great event with great people! End of the Road Car Show - 7/18/15 End of the Road Car Show Copper Harbor July 18, 2015 jbaumannphoto.com Share 3 people like this.Jeremiah Baumann   Don't forget it is Amazon Prime day today! Be sure to check out all the deals throughout the day. Lots of deals are going quick! Prime Day Prime Day is a one-day event held on July 15, 2015, where Prime members can find more deals than Black Friday. amazon.com Share Antonio Passariello likes this.Jeremiah Baumann uploaded a new video.   Edited  Have you dubsmashed today? #IndependenceDubs #dubsmash 0:00/0:10 Watch Later Share 5 people like this. Remove Tracey Hildreth Soooo.....not much has changed since Gunflint. Lol 1  July 5 at 10:14am Remove Jeremiah Baumann https://youtu.be/QoLywiaM6PA?t=1m18s Independence Day One of the biggest box office hits of all time delivers the ultimate encounter when mysterious and powerful aliens launch an all-out invasion against the hum... youtube.com July 5 at 10:15am Remove Travis Pierce LOVE IT! July 6 at 1:06amJeremiah Baumann July 2 at 10:12pm  Lake Linden, MI, United States  Interested in the new Apple Music experience? Here is a walkthrough for getting it set up on your iOS device. Setting up Apple Music in iOS How to start up Apple Music on the iPhone using iOS 8.4. youtube.com Share 2 people like this."
