Mark Buckley shared AJ+'s video.   All we can do is say prayers for the victims and families affected by this heinous crime. That there be peace and an end to hatred of this kind. 0:00/1:06 Sign Up Subscribe to AJ+ Watch Again Watch Later 4,411,074 Views AJ+ uploaded a new video: Who Are the Victims of the Charleston Shooting? The youngest was 26. The oldest was 87. These are the victims of the shooting at a Charleston church: 5 Likes4 Comments Like  Share 5 people like this. Remove Tom Merle What kind of god would allow this to happen? I know, s/he works in mysterious ways. Perhaps the victims were sacraficial lambs offered up so that the larger societal situation would improve, just like the other killings are leading to improvements in the criminal justice protocol. Like  June 20 at 1:14am  Edited Remove Mark Catrambone Because God doesn't play people like yo-yos. We have free will. I wish I knew the answer as well. Like  June 20 at 1:26am Tom Merle replied  1 Reply Remove Jo Diaz Let's also pray for the bigots, so they're hearts will open up to reality... We all came from Africa... http://www.businessinsider.com/prehistoric-human... This animated map shows how humans migrated across the globe VIDEO: It all began in East Africa. businessinsider.com Like  June 20 at 2:23am Jo Diaz replied  2 Replies Remove Michael Banks Another of the controlled media spread attempts to stir up racial war, confiscate all guns and declare martial law. Like  June 20 at 5:35amMark Buckley via Digital Trends   This is so cool! How a Dutch firm is going to 3D-print a bridge in Amsterdam 3D printing technology is becoming more powerful and versatile with every passing year, and the latest project of note will see robot arms building a bridge across an... digitaltrends.com Like  ShareMark Buckley shared a link. June 16  nametests.com  What will you look like in 50 years? That's what I look like old. What do you look like when you're old? en.nametests.com|By Mark 2 Comments Like  Share Remove Tristan Fairbanks He has more hair than you do now smile emoticon Like  June 17 at 6:54am Remove Mark Buckley Maybe there's a pill for that by then! Like  June 17 at 6:56am Tristan Fairbanks replied  1 ReplyMark Buckley shared a link.   Ode to Joy Flash Mob at HALL Wines - Auction Napa Valley 2015 HALL Wines was honored to host the 2015 Auction Napa Valley Barrel Auction this year at our winery in St. Helena. In partnership with Festival Del Sole, we w... youtube.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Mark Buckley shared Macbeth's video.   This looks Good. On my fall watch list! 0:00/1:53 Watch Later 594,931 Views Macbeth uploaded a new video. Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard take the throne in the new trailer for #MACBETH. From director Justin Kurzel and the producers of The Kings Speech comes a thrilling take on the classic tale. In Cinemas October 2nd. Like  ShareMark Buckley shared HALL Wines's photo.   I know how I will be celebrating... Tristan Fairbanks HALL Wines Happy International Sauvignon Blanc Day! Stop by HALL St. Helena today from 1-4 pm for a complimentary glass of 2014 HALL Sauvignon Blanc, and then sip, stroll ...and explore! #SauvBlancDay If you don't happen to be in Napa Valley today, this delicious wine is available individually or as a part of our Spring Trio! Visit www.hallwines.com/spring-trio-wines to get yours today! See More 2 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 2 people like this. Remove Tristan Fairbanks Enjoy the glass at work lol... little far for me to drive for a glass dear. April 25 at 1:39am  Like Remove Mark Buckley We can enjoy at our house. April 25 at 1:45am  Like Remove Terra Davis Lloyd  April 25 at 6:21am  Like  1Mark Buckley shared a link. June 16  nametests.com  What will you look like in 50 years? That's what I look like old. What do you look like when you're old? en.nametests.com|By Mark 2 Comments Like  Share Remove Tristan Fairbanks He has more hair than you do now smile emoticon Like  June 17 at 6:54am Remove Mark Buckley Maybe there's a pill for that by then! Like  June 17 at 6:56am Tristan Fairbanks replied  1 ReplyMark Buckley shared a link.   Ode to Joy Flash Mob at HALL Wines - Auction Napa Valley 2015 HALL Wines was honored to host the 2015 Auction Napa Valley Barrel Auction this year at our winery in St. Helena. In partnership with Festival Del Sole, we w... youtube.com 2 Likes Like  Share 2 people like this.Mark Buckley shared Macbeth's video.   This looks Good. On my fall watch list! 0:00/1:53 Watch Later 594,931 Views Macbeth uploaded a new video. Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard take the throne in the new trailer for #MACBETH. From director Justin Kurzel and the producers of The Kings Speech comes a thrilling take on the classic tale. In Cinemas October 2nd. Like  ShareMark Buckley shared HALL Wines's photo.   I know how I will be celebrating... Tristan Fairbanks HALL Wines Happy International Sauvignon Blanc Day! Stop by HALL St. Helena today from 1-4 pm for a complimentary glass of 2014 HALL Sauvignon Blanc, and then sip, stroll ...and explore! #SauvBlancDay If you don't happen to be in Napa Valley today, this delicious wine is available individually or as a part of our Spring Trio! Visit www.hallwines.com/spring-trio-wines to get yours today! See More 2 Likes3 Comments Like  Share 2 people like this. Remove Tristan Fairbanks Enjoy the glass at work lol... little far for me to drive for a glass dear. April 25 at 1:39am  Like Remove Mark Buckley We can enjoy at our house. April 25 at 1:45am  Like Remove Terra Davis Lloyd  April 25 at 6:21am  Like  1"
